123Cloud ECP	Storage Cloud	123Cloud provides a secure platform for applications to be stored on and then accessed remotely. The 123Cloud ECP API uses basic HTTP authorization in order to establish a connection with clients. Clients are then granted access to their virtual machine where they can access files and applications for a small data usage fee. Developers can utilize the API to host their applications remotely and take advantage of cloud computing instead of hosting their own servers. The API is RESTful and supports Java, PHP and Python and responses are formatted in JSON.
24sessions	WebRTC Audio, B2B, Banking, Booking, Business, Chat, Cloud, Collaboration, Customer Relationship Management, Customer Service, File Sharing, Financial, Ratings, Teleconferencing, Text-to-Speech, Video, Voice, VoIP, Webcams 	The 24sessions API enables you to add the power of 24sessions online advice technology to your web or mobile application. With the 24sessions API you can trigger an online video-chat (real time communication) meeting in any browser with screensharing, text-chat and file-sharing. Meetings can be 'now' or 'scheduled' with our booking and meeting scheduling functionality. Finally, sessions can result in a review and recording of the session.
AccountingSuite	Enterprise Cloud, Accounting, Inventory, Ordering 	AccountingSuite integrates accounting, inventory, and order management into a single cloud application. The AccountingSuite API provides a RESTful interface for developers to integrate the AccountingSuite platform. Exposed objects include customers, items, cash sales, sales invoices, and cash receipts.
Accusoft Cloud Services	Viewer Cloud, Documents  	Accusoft Cloud Services is an SaaS version of Prizm Content Connect Document viewer. The Accusoft Cloud Services API allows for a more extensive document viewer customization, by having the Accusoft Cloud Services (ACS) APIs to integrate the viewer within web applications. The ACS API uses RESTful cloud services to incorporate Accusoft SDKs and services into users software and websites. The API allows for auto-redaction and watermark placing on documents. The ACS API has HTTPS requirements and uses API key for authentication.
Acquia Cloud	Cloud Application Development	Acquia is a commercial open source software company that provides products and services for Drupal. Acquia's cloud based solution lets users create Drupal based web sites. The Acquia Cloud API allows developers to extend and customize Acquia Cloud. The API allows direct control of Acquia Cloud sites and supports developer workflow, database, and backup management. It uses RESTful calls and responses are formatted in JSON.
Acquia Lift Decision	Cloud Application Development, Content, Content Management, Customization, Engagement 	This API enables you to set and review various administrative functions for how decisions about content may be shown to users. Acquia Lift includes several interfaces that you can use to interact with stored visitor data and send information to the Acquia Lift service. Acquia is a Cloud based solution that allows you to create and maintain digital experiences with Drupal. It provides interfaces that are exposed as APIs to use for both importing and exporting data from the Acquia Lift service.
Acquia Lift File Import	Cloud Application Development, Content Management 	The File Import API allows you to import goal and decision information into Profile Manager. It provides a way for you to import user information from other sources into Acquia Lift. Acquia Lift includes several interfaces that you can use to interact with stored visitor data and send information to the Acquia Lift service. Acquia is a Cloud based solution that allows you to create and maintain digital experiences with Drupal. It provides interfaces that are exposed as APIs to use for both importing and exporting data from the Acquia Lift service.
Acquia Lift JavaScript	Cloud Application Development, Content Management 	This JavaScript API enables you to send additional information about Acquia users and activities. Acquia Lift includes several interfaces that you can use to interact with stored visitor data and send information to the Acquia Lift service. Acquia is a Cloud based solution that allows you to create and maintain digital experiences with Drupal. It provides interfaces that are exposed as APIs to use for both importing and exporting data from the Acquia Lift service.
Acquia Lift Push	Application Development Cloud, Content Management, Customization, Engagement, Web Site Management 	The Acquia Lift Push API allows you to receive information in real time when a visitor to your website enters a segment in which you're particularly interested. The notification messages that the Acquia Lift service sends to an HTTP server will contain the following parameters: person, touch, event and more. Just enter a URL and associate specific segments to the location, so that whenever a person enters particular segments, a notification containing information about the person, touch, event and matched segments is sent to the URL that you have chosen. Acquia Lift includes several interfaces that you can use to interact with stored visitor data and send information to the Acquia Lift service. Acquia is a Cloud based solution that allows you to create and maintain digital experiences with Drupal. It provides interfaces that are exposed as APIs to use for both importing and exporting data from the Acquia Lift service.
Acquia Lift REST	Cloud Application Development, Content Management, Customization, Engagement, Integration 	This API enables integration between Acquia Lift and other websites. Subscribers with access to Omnichannel can use a REST API to integrate their websites and applications with Acquia Lift. Acquia Lift includes several interfaces that you can use to interact with stored visitor data and send information to the Acquia Lift service. Acquia is a Cloud based solution that allows you to create and maintain digital experiences with Drupal. It provides interfaces that are exposed as APIs to use for both importing and exporting data from the Acquia Lift service.
Aculab Cloud	Telephony Cloud, Fax, Messaging, Text-to-Speech, Voice, VoIP   	Aculab Cloud enables users to create scalable voice, SMS and fax applications. It is a Communications platform-as-a-service (CPaaS), presenting high level APIs (Python, PHP, Java, Ruby and .NET) making it quick and easy to write a range of applications. The developer account is free and once you wish to run your application you simply pay per minute for the runtime of the application. In addition you can purchase a range of international inbound numbers, and make use of the international carrier relationships in place to make outbound calls or send SMS messages. Users can write applications to manage interactions and call logic including transfer calls, play messages, add calls together in a conference and more. The RESTful API provides programmatic access to the Cloud Filestore, whereby a suitable program may download, upload, delete or rename media files. Multi-language text-to-speech (TTS) and automatic speech recognition (ASR) are included at no extra charge.
Adobe Marketing Cloud	Advertising Marketing, Cloud 	Adobe Marketing Cloud is a comprehensive, integrated marketing solution composed of services such as Adobe Analytics, Adobe Target, Adobe Social, Adobe Experience Manager, and Adobe Media Optimizer. These allow marketers to manage, track, and optimize their campaigns and promotional materials. The Adobe Genesis service allows users to consolidate their online marketing tools in a central location. The Adobe Marketing Cloud also provides a collaborative user interface and dashboards that update in real time. The Adobe Marketing Cloud provides developers with an Enterprise API and a Partner API. The Enterprise API is designed for use by Adobe Marketing Cloud customers. It provides programmatic methods for collecting, importing, exporting, and running reports on customer data. The Partner API is designed for use by Adobe Genesis partners, allowing them to use integrated data to improve their businesses.
Adobe PhoneGap Build	Application Development Cloud, Mobile	Adobe PhoneGap is a standards-based, open-source development framework for building cross-platform mobile apps for iOS, Android, Windows Phone, webOS, Symbian, BlackBerry, and other systems. Users can upload their HTML5, CSS, and JavaScript assets to the Adobe PhoneGap Build cloud service and let it do the work of compiling. The Adobe PhoneGap Build API provides programmatic access to functions for creating, building, updating, and downloading apps. It was designed for easy integration with other systems and uses REST calls issued in JSON and JSONP.
Advection.NET	Video Cloud, Backend	Advection.NET is a global video delivery network that comes with virtual commerce, DRM, membership, pay-per-minute, and geo-targeting services. Advection.NETâ€™s cloud-based network can be used to support existing infrastructure without the need to add more servers or change existing content. The network's many features are made accessible for integration purposes using a variety of APIs that come in REST, SOAP, and XML-RPC format.
Aepona	Payments Mobile, Cloud, Hosting	Aepona is a service that brings mobile data and intelligence to the cloud. Aepona also offers mobile payment hosting and solutions, as well as billing tools. Other Aepona products include monetization platforms for web and mobile application providers. The Aepona API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Aepona into other applications and services. Some example API methods include accessing customer information, finding people on networks, and initiating mobile payment and billing services. Public documentation is not available; interested developers should register for API access here: http://developer.aepona.com/.
AeroFS	Security Availability, Cloud, Content Management, Encoding, Privacy	AeroFS offers a Private Cloud file sharing service that interacts behind a company's firewall, mitigating the security risk of file-sharing on a public cloud. AeroFS Private Cloud hosts a RESTful API that uses JSON protocol for both response and request bodies to facilitate communication and perform audit control for accessing content via 0Auth 2.0 authentication. Developer licenses for the Private Cloud can be accessed by contacting customer support. Developers can sample API behavior at the AeroFS API Playground hosted through Apiary.
Afilnet Cloud Marketing	Telephony Cloud, Email, Marketing, Mobile, Telephony, Text-to-Speech, Voice 	The Afilnet Cloud Marketing API links Afilnet subscriber to a portfolio of communication channels, including emails, SMS, and voice calls. Each of these channels features five functionalities for sending message to a particular recipient, sending message to group recipients, sending message from template to particular recipient, sending message from template to group recipient, and getting notification of delivery statuses of sent messages. The API’s simple architecture readily accommodates app development programs and easily processes JSON responses. The Afilnet Cloud Marketing API generates calls in the HTTP GET method and returns responses in JSON format.
Afterbanks	Financial Backend, Banking, Cloud, Data-as-a-Service, European, Verification 	Afterbanks provides a bank aggregation system designed for the Spanish, Portuguese, and Mexican markets. Applications can integrate with Afterbanks in order to obtain balances and diverse information in real time. The API supports 54 banks, and 256-bit encryption. JSON is the preferred exchange format. Developers can connect up to 5 accounts for free; paid plans that support advanced features are also available.
Agilefant	Tasks Cloud, Lists	Agilefant is a simple, agile backlog management service that is designed to adapt to the users' team structure rather than forcing them to change to match its structure. It also scales for use by anyone from an individual freelancer to a large organization. It can handle personal to-do lists, multi-team project management, and everything in-between.
Aha!	Project Management Collaboration, Cloud, PDF	Aha! is a cloud-based collaboration service for product-building teams. It allows teams to map their product strategies and keep everyone apprised of upcoming release dates and work sprints. Teams can also gather and refine their features and user stories together in one place. Aha! allows teams to present product roadmaps as Notebooks, PDFs, or web pages. In fact, nearly any view from Aha! can be published in these three formats. Users can make their projects accessible from other applications using the Aha! REST and JavaScript APIs.
Akamai	Enterprise Cloud, Applications 	Akamai is a cloud platform solutions provider. Akamai offers products and solutions for enterprise that are built on the cloud. The Akamai Intelligence Platform offers users scalability and adaptability for their cloud-based applications and services. The Akamai Intelligence Platform APIs allow developers to access and integrate the functionality of Akamai with other applications. Some example API methods include retrieving billing information, accessing account information, and running diagnostics.
Algorithms.io	Backend Algorithms, Analytics, Cloud	Algorithms.io is a cloud service using machine learning algorithms to deliver predictive analytics to businesses of all sizes. Customers simply upload data, select and run an algorithm, and receive a JSON formatted response. Algorithms.io exposes this workflow through a REST API that allows developers to embed algorithms into their applications. The API supports HTTP GET/POST/DELETE calls allowing applications to manage datasets, jobs, and account balances.
Alianza	Telephony Cloud, VoIP	The service provides a hosted broadband platform for voice communication, especially voice-over-IP (VoIP). Cloud-based services are delivered via shared network infrastructure to distribute capital costs for hardware and network resources among users which reduces risk of VoIP implementation. API methods support creation, updating, and deletion of user accounts to control access to the platform. Methods also handle calls placed by users, phone numbers used including extensions, and devices involved. The API allows for control by geographic area and policy, such as user account permissions and 911 access.
Alibaba Cloud OSS	Cloud Business, Chinese, eCommerce, Games, Hosting, Marketplace, Media 	The Alibaba Cloud OSS API returns cloud computing data to hosting, eCommerce, gaming, and multimedia businesses. It includes REST interface, JSON formas, an intranet and an internet endpoint, a public AccessKeyID and a secret AccessKey ID. Developers can use the Object Storage Service (OSS) that supports high volumes of unstructured data (images, videos, and documents) without excessively using resources. Alibaba Cloud is part of AlibabaGroup’s cloud computing arm, delivering scalable platforms for cloud computing & data management.
Amazon Auto Scaling	Backend Cloud, Transportation	The service supplements the provider's CloudWatch and Elastic Load Balancing services to scale virtual server resources up and down in response to traffic, resource scheduling, and system performance status. It automatically launches or terminates instances in the provider's cloud platform for flexible response to system conditions either detected or preset. API methods support definition of resource groupings and assignment of processing capacity according to policies set beforehand matching system responses to conditions detected. Methods also support gathering and processing of system performance metrics and definition of system response policies based on those metrics. The API allows for notifications based on defined system events and conditions.
Amazon Cloud Drive	Cloud Accessibility, Content Management	The Amazon Cloud Drive API is a REST-based API that developers can add to web, desktop or mobile applications. The Amazon Cloud Drive API provides the ability for developers to let their customers access the photos, videos, and documents they have saved in Amazon Cloud Drive. The Amazon Cloud Drive API is free and offers the experience to put your own creative spin, as a developer, to how the users upload, view, edit, download, and organize their digital content using your app. The Amazon Cloud Drive API can offer confidence and peace of mind to your customer, as their content is safe and accessible from Amazon Cloud Drive.
Amazon Cloud Drive Account	Cloud Accounts, Storage	The Amazon Cloud Drive Account API provides developers the ability to get information about customer accounts. The Amazon Cloud Drive APIs are REST-based APIs that developers can add to web, desktop or mobile applications. The main Amazon Cloud Drive API provides a variety of abilities for developers to let their customers access the photos, videos, and documents they have saved in Amazon Cloud Drive. The Amazon Cloud Drive APIs are free and offer the experience to put your own creative spin, as a developer, to how the users upload, view, edit, download, and organize their digital content using your app. The Amazon Cloud Drive APIs can offer confidence and peace of mind to your customer, as their content is safe and accessible from Amazon Cloud Drive.
Amazon Cloud Drive Changes	Cloud Accounts, Syncing	The Amazon Cloud Drive Changes API lets developers sync and get updates from a specific checkpoint. The Changes API provides the ability to keep up with the changes in a customer account. The Amazon Cloud Drive APIs are REST-based APIs that developers can add to web, desktop or mobile applications. The main Amazon Cloud Drive API provides a variety of abilities for developers to let their customers access the photos, videos, and documents they have saved in Amazon Cloud Drive. The Amazon Cloud Drive APIs are free and offer the experience to put your own creative spin, as a developer, to how the users upload, view, edit, download, and organize their digital content using your app. The Amazon Cloud Drive APIs can offer confidence and peace of mind to your customer, as their content is safe and accessible from Amazon Cloud Drive.
Amazon Cloud Drive Nodes	Cloud Accounts, Content Management, Metadata	Nodes are a primary part, a core function, as digital assets, of the Amazon Cloud Drive. The Amazon Cloud Drive Nodes API gives developers the resources to create, read and update the contents in a customer's account. The Amazon Cloud Drive APIs are REST-based APIs that developers can add to web, desktop or mobile applications. The main Amazon Cloud Drive API provides a variety of abilities for developers to let their customers access the photos, videos, and documents they have saved in Amazon Cloud Drive. The Amazon Cloud Drive APIs are free and offer the experience to put your own creative spin, as a developer, to how the users upload, view, edit, download, and organize their digital content using your app. The Amazon Cloud Drive APIs can offer confidence and peace of mind to your customer, as their content is safe and accessible from Amazon Cloud Drive.
Amazon Cloud Drive Trash	Cloud Accounts, Data	The Amazon Cloud Drive Trash API lets developers trash nodes and send them to the recycle bin. The nodes that get put in the bin can also be restored from their previous state. The Amazon Cloud Drive APIs are REST-based APIs that developers can add to web, desktop or mobile applications. The main Amazon Cloud Drive API provides a variety of abilities for developers to let their customers access the photos, videos, and documents they have saved in Amazon Cloud Drive. The Amazon Cloud Drive APIs are free and offer the experience to put your own creative spin, as a developer, to how the users upload, view, edit, download, and organize their digital content using your app. The Amazon Cloud Drive APIs can offer confidence and peace of mind to your customer, as their content is safe and accessible from Amazon Cloud Drive.
Amazon CloudFront CDN	Cloud Content	Amazon CloudFront is a web service for content delivery including dynamic, static and streaming content using a global network of edge locations. It integrates with other Amazon Web Services to give developers and businesses an easy way to distribute content to end users with low latency, high data transfer speeds, and no commitments. The API lets users distribute content from their Amazon S3 bucket or Amazon EC2 instance or other origin server through the Amazon CloudFront network. The API uses RESTful calls and responses are formatted in XML.
Amazon EC2	Cloud Datacenter, Domains, Hosting   	The Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (Amazon EC2) API is a web service that enables you to launch and manage Linux/UNIX and Windows server instances in Amazon's data centers. Giving users the ability to "compute" in the cloud, it provides users with complete control of their computing resources and lets them run on Amazon's computing environment. Amazon EC2 changes the economics of computing by allowing users to pay only for capacity that is actually used. This is a REST-based API. The SOAP interface was deprecated on 1 December 2015. The WSDL for each supported API version is available from the following URI: http://ec2.amazonaws.com/doc//AmazonEC2.wsdl
Amazon ElastiCache	Backend Caching, Cloud	The Amazon ElastiCache web service allows developers to deploy, operate, and scale an in-memory cache in the cloud. Using ElastiCache, developers can retrive information from an in-momory caching system as opposed to disk-based databases. The API provides functionality such as allowing users to launch a Cache Cluster selecting a Cache Cluster Name, Cache Node Type and Number of Nodes best suited to their nodes. If additional capacity is needed, users can add more Cache Nodes to their Cache Cluster via the API. The API uses RESTful calls and responses are formatted in XML.
Amazon S3	Storage Cloud   	Since 2006 Amazon Web Services has been offering web services commonly known as cloud computing. AWS Provides a reliable, low cost infrastructure platform that powers hundreds of thousands of businesses. Amazon S3 API, the Simple Storage Service provides a simple web services interface used to store objects using the Amazon online storage infrastructure. Users can then download the data or use the data with other AWS services, such as Amazon Elastic Cloud Computer (EC2). Using this web service, developers can build applications that make use of Internet storage. The API uses Buckets, Objects, Keys and Operations. An object has four parts: value, key, metadata, and an access control policy. Objects are stored in buckets. The API is REST based. Responses are formatted in JSON.
Amazon SWF	Enterprise Cloud	Amazon SWF stands for Simple Workflow Service. The Amazon SWF API allows developers to set specific business processes and follow through each step. The API allows for automation of processes, including determining which step is currently being executed, correcting when a step gets broken and analyzing outcomes. The service separates its actions into five categories: activities, deciders, workflow executions, administration and visibility. Regardless of category, developers can poll an activity's task, mark an activity task as complete, mark an activity task as failed, mark an activity task as canceled or record a "heartbeat," so the service knows a task is still active. There are numerous actions within each category, such as retrieving, setting and removing workflows. The API uses JSON-RPC (remote procedure call) to execute commands. The system returns data as JSON, as well.
Amazon Web Services CodeBuild	Cloud Application Development, Developers, Hosting	The Amazon Web Services CodeBuild REST API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of CodeBuild with other applications. Some example API methods include retrieving codebuilds, managing code projects, and managing builds for specific projects. Amazon Web Services CodeBuild is a code-build service hosted in the cloud that runs tests, compiles sourcecodes, and does so without the need for managing servers or provisioning.
Amazon WorkSpaces	Reference Cloud, Developers, Documents	The Amazon WorkSpaces API is one of Amazon Web Services many tools for developers to use. This API aids in creating, describing, rebooting, rebuilding, and terminating workspaces. There are several data types that the actions can use. The Amazon Workspaces API Developer Guide provides all the information developers will need to utilize these features of Amazon Web Services.
Ambiverse Natural Language Understanding	Natural Language Processing Big Data, Cloud, Extraction, Language, Linked Data, Text 	The Ambiverse Natural Language Understanding API allows users to extract usable information from unstructured text. Information is extracted in the form of entities, which may be identified as people, locations, organizations, or products. These are linked to a Wikipedia-derived YAGO knowledge graph, which users can query to obtain further information.
Amend Cloud	Platform-as-a-Service Cloud, Editing, Images, Storage 	Amend provides users a URL based API for downloading and transforming your image resources. The API allows you to transform the uploaded image and create a 150x150px thumbnail, using face detection based cropping, round the image's corners, rotate the image by 20 degrees and then deliver the resulting image through CDN. Amend Cloud is a PaaS solution that helps you manage your application’s image resources in the cloud, without having to worry about scale and performance.
Apcera	Collaboration Cloud, Infrastructure-as-a-Service, Platform-as-a-Service, Security 	The Apcera API is offer by an Infrastructure-as-a-service company of the same name, intending to specialize in microservices creation, maintenance, and delivery across multiple cloud networks. The REST API aims to be accessed to aid cloud and workload management, policy enforcement, and more.
AppDirect	Cloud Marketplace, Applications  	AppDirect offers a platform that allows businesses to find web based software solutions for their needs through application marketplaces. The AppDirect API allows developers to integrate their applications into the Business Application Network for distribution. The API uses RESTful calls and responses are formatted in XML.
AppearIQ	Application Development Applications, Cloud, Enterprise, Mobile	AppearIQ offers enterprise-level mobile development solutions for cross platform applications. The RESTful Integration API evokes the platform server to notify it of new data or to query content.
Appian	Platform-as-a-Service Analytics, API Design, API Management, Application Development, Authentication, Business, Cloud, Collaboration, Data, Documents, Forms, HTML5, Integration, Microservices, Reporting, Visualizations 	This API allows you to create Appian Plug-Ins and related actions that can be embedded on other Web sites using HTML5 web components. Appian makes it easy to build powerful enterprise applications that combines low-code development with process management and more. Appian is a shared microservice architecture, eliminating the need to rebuild core functionality on an app-by-app basis, to automate any process end-to-end without the need for custom code. Appian provides a Digital Transformation Platform to build applications.
Apple CloudKit	Cloud Accessibility, Accounts, Applications 	Apple's iCloud service now includes full, automatic syncing of files and folders across devices for iOS 8 and OS X Yosemite. This means everything is accessible from iCoudDrive. Utilizing iCloud, Apple's CloudKit enables developers to let users to sign into apps with their Apple ID without sharing their personal information.
Apple iCloud	Storage Cloud 	iCloud stores user's content and wirelessly makes it available to all devices. iCloud Storage APIs allow application developers to store their apps' documents and key value data in iCloud. The API also gives developers the ability to access sync and backup services. iCloud will wirelessly push documents to a user's device automatically and update the documents when changed on any device. Currently, full access to documentation is only available to registered developers.
AppNexus	Advertising API, Automation, B2B, Business, Cloud, Data, Marketplace, Mobile, Monetization, Optimization, Real Time, REST, SDK	AppNexus is the world's leading independent ad tech platform. Building on top of the AppNexus open platform, our customers maximize yield, monetization and campaign effectiveness. As customers’ technology requirements change, we power their evolution and help them to scale, pivot, and grow. This platform is exposed via a set of RESTful APIs. Documentation is open to the public.
Appstax	Backend Application Development, Cloud, Data 	The Appstax API provides a scalable backend that incorporates different services such as hosting and signup code. This REST API responds in JSON format. Developers need to be familiar with Appstax's Command Line Interface tool and with the Admin Web UI. Appstax lets developers define their own data model.
Apstrata	Storage Cloud	Apstrata provides a suite of on-demand Rich Cloud services aimed at simplifying the development and operation of Web-connected applications. Apstrata is a RESTful web service providing an interface to manage a persistent data store from the back end. It uses a document-style database which has features such as persistent Storage, rolling user APIs, user management and server side scripting. Responses are formatted in XML and JSON.
Aqilla	Accounting Business, Cloud, England, Software-as-a-Service 	The Aqilla API provides accounting on the cloud solutions for enterprises. Developers can integrate spreadsheets, reports, document management via Microsoft Excel and SalesForce CRM. It is available for request at info@aqilla.com
ArcGIS: Spatial Analysis Service	Analytics Cloud, Collaboration, Mapping	ArcGIS REST API: Spatial Analysis Service helps developers to access, create, and share maps, apps, and information when they become members of the cloud-based collaborative environment. With the Spatial Analysis service, users can summarize data, find locations, enrich data, analyze patterns, use proximity, and manage data. Each category contains license, request URL, requested parameters, responses, and results supported in JSON. As developers explore each area, they can find examples with detailed descriptions.
Arrayent EcoAdaptor for Nest	Internet of Things Authentication, Cloud, Home Automation 	The Arrayent EcoAdaptor for Nest API allows developers to federate and defederate with Nest cloud services. It includes commands for submitting an oath token to the EcoAdapter for Nest service, updating an existing token with a new one, and defederating from Nest. Arrayent is an internet of things platform that allows companies to deliver connected products to their customers.
Arrayent EcoAdaptor v3	Cloud Internet of Things 	The Arrayent EcoAdaptor v3 API supports cloud-to-cloud integration between Arrayent and other cloud services (e.g. Amazon Echo, IFTT, etc.) by handling authentication, authorization, and functional entry points. The API covers an OAuth server along with access to users and devices. Arrayent is an internet of things platform that allows companies to deliver connected products to their customers.
Aspose	Office Cloud, Conversions, Documents	Aspose provides cloud-based services for document generation, conversion, and automation. It works with documents created in Microsoft Word, Microsoft Excel, Microsoft PowerPoint, Adobe, and OpenDocument. It is also designed to handle barcodes, optical character recognition (OCR), and email formats and protocols. The Aspose REST APIs enable users to integrate many document processing and management tasks into their applications. These tasks include, but are not limited to, document assembly, file conversion, text extraction, barcode generation, and email tracking.
Aspose.Barcode for Cloud	Barcodes Cloud	Aspose.BarCode for Cloud is a REST API for Linear, 2D and postal barcode generation and recognition in the cloud. API recognizes and generates barcode images in a variety of formats. Barcode REST API allows to specify barcode image attributes like image width, height, border style and output image format in order to customize the generation process. Developers can also specify the barcode type and text attributes such as text location and font styles in order to suit the application requirements.
Aspose.Cells for Cloud	Spreadsheets Cloud, Conversions, Images	Aspose.Cells for Cloud is a true REST API that helps you create, manipulate and convert spreadsheets in the cloud. Developers can inter-convert popular Excel spreadsheet formats as well as render the supported spreadsheet formats to raster & fixed-layout formats.
Aspose.Email for Cloud	Email Cloud	Aspose.Email for Cloud is a REST API for creating email archiving applications that work with common email file formats in the cloud. The API allows you to inter-convert email file formats such as MSG, EML, MHT, read message properties and download attachment from a message.
Aspose.Imaging for Cloud	Images Cloud, Conversions, Images	Aspose.Imaging API is a programming interface, offered by Aspose, that lets developers integrate its service with their applications, enabling their customers to inspect, convert, and transform the most popular image file formats such as PSD, PNG, GIF, BMP, TIFF and JPEG. The API is REST based, and can be used with any platform that supports REST.
Aspose.OCR for Cloud	OCR Cloud	Aspose.OCR API is a programming interface, offered by Aspose, that allows optical character recognition and documents scanning in the cloud. It supports reading and recognizing characters from most commonly used raster image formats. Just pass specific image filename to the Aspose.OCR for Cloud REST API, and it will return response in XML or JSON with details including recognized text, font name, font size, font style.
Aspose.OMR for Cloud	Forms Cloud, Q&A, Recognition, Surveys 	Aspose.OMR for Cloud is a REST based API that offers optical mark recognition functionalities to third-party applications. The API returns JSON formatted recognized data of popular image formats such as JPEG, TIFF, and GIF. Aspose.OMR for Cloud can capture human-marked data from surveys, questionnaires, scanned images, and more.
Aspose.PDF for Cloud	PDF Cloud, Conversions, Images, Text	Aspose.PDF for Cloud is a REST based API which allows you to create, edit and convert PDF files in the cloud. The API allows you to create PDF documents from a number of other file formats including PCL, HTML, XML and images. Moreover, you can convert PDF documents to various other formats including HTML, DOC, JPEG, TIFF, TXT and so on.
Aspose.Slides for Cloud	Presentations Cloud, Conversions, Images	Aspose.Slides for Cloud is a REST API specialized in PowerPoint presentation processing. The API allows you to create, modify and convert presentation files in the cloud. It allows the inter-conversion of the industry standard presentation formats as well as to commonly used image formats using the REST API. Developers can extract & manipulate different elements of a presentation including slide, text, color, fonts, shapes and images or create presentation files from scratch.
Aspose.Tasks for Cloud	Tasks Cloud, Conversions, Project Management	Aspose.Tasks for Cloud is a REST API for manipulating and converting Microsoft Project files hosted on cloud platforms. It allows you to work with all aspects of a Project as well as offers a wide range of export options allowing developers to convert Microsoft Projects to a number of industry standard formats.
Aspose.Video for Cloud	Video Cloud, Conversions, Editing 	Aspose.Video for Cloud is a REST based API that allows the editing of video file properties such as aspect ratio, bit rate, FPS, and resolution. Additionally, videos can be converted to different formats including AVI, FLV, M4V, MP4, MOV, and WMV. OAuth 2.0 is the preferred authentication model.
Aspose.Words for Cloud	Documents Cloud, Conversions, Word Processing	Aspose.Words API is a programming interface, offered by Aspose, that lets developers perform a wide range of document processing operations including creation, manipulation, conversion and rendering of Word documents in the cloud. The API is REST based, and can be used with any platform that supports REST.
AT&T M2X	Backend Cloud	AT&T's M2X provides data storage and device provisioning services to help people build M2M (machine-to-machine) applications. Developers can connect their devices using AT&T's reliable, secure worldwide network. From the M2X developer portal, users can centrally manage their data sources and notifications as well as find tutorials, client libraries, and documentation for the M2X REST API.
AT&T Synaptic Compute	Cloud	AT&T Synaptic Compute as a Service offers pay-as-you-go cloud computing for companies and developers allowing users to quickly obtain access to virtual servers. AT&T Synaptic Compute as a Service provides APIs that allow developers to enable a customized cloud computing interface over the Internet. Using the APIs, developers can: *Design a customized cloud computing management interface *Enable additional authentication to allow access to specific functions and/or specific server images *Allow the service to be managed over the Internet or only via private networking *Create customized reporting for your individual needs *Access all the same functions as in the graphical user interface (GUI) Full documenation is not publicly available.
AT&T Synaptic Storage	Storage Cloud	AT&T Synaptic Storage as a Service is a web services-based storage solution that scales to any size and allows users to pay only for the storage they use. It provides capacity on demand and allows access to stored data from virtually anywhere and any time. The service is accessed using the EMC Atmos API. This API allows users to directly integrate the service with custom applications or off-the-shelf packaged software. The API uses REST and SOAP calls with responses formatted in XML Documentation found at https://www.synaptic.att.com/clouduser/static/storage/Synaptic_Storage_Getting_Started.pdf
atama	Tools Cloud	Atama is a UK based company that focuses on developing app-enabled products that work with smartphones. Current products include Seasame, a wireless lock that automatically locks your Mac computer when you walk away, and Kilo, a scale that tracks weight and BMI. Atama offers a REST based API for app developers. The API provides access to the atama cloud, which stores information about users and events. The API uses OAuth 2.0 and supports JSON and XML formats.
Atlantic.Net Cloud Servers	Hosting Cloud	Atlantic.Net provides cloud hosting solutions, including cloud servers, colocation, and virtualization hosting. The Atlantic.Net Cloud Servers API provides customers with a RESTful query-based Interface to access their Atlantic.Net services.
Atlassian Bitbucket	Cloud Accounts, Applications, Collaboration, Tools 	The Atlassian Bitbucket API is a REST API that provides developers the tools to have their applications access the Bitbucket Cloud and its resources (such as an individual (or team) account, repositories, and aspects of these resources such as change sets or comments). With this API, which is based on open standards, users can build third party applications which can use any web development language to access the API. Atlassian offers products, support, and strategic services for teams, from start-ups to enterprises.
AudioBox.fm	Music Cloud, Media	Like a cloud-based iTunes. AudioBox is an open platform to store, manage and stream your media library in the cloud. The API provides methods for storing, retrieving and organizing your music. All calls require SSL.
Autodesk Forge Design Automation	Design Automation, Cloud 	The Autodesk Forge Design Automation API (formerly AutoCAD I/O API) allows users to access and edit DWG files from any computer or mobile device using only a web browser. This allows designers and engineers to access their plans at all times without having to print out copies or carry a flash drive. The need to back up one's files is eliminated as well, since all versions of the DWG files are stored on a timeline for easy access and auditing. The Design Automation API features DWG file creation, PDF support, and language translation.
Automile	Auto Cloud, Internet of Things, Transportation	The Automile REST API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Automile with other applications. Some example API methods include managing company information, managing client information, retrieving vehicle information, and retrieving trip information. Automile is a vehicle fleet management platform and device that connects to cars and analyzes driver data.
Autopilot	Marketing B2B, Best Practices, Cloud, Email, Forms 	The Autopilot API allows developers to integrate their applications with the Autopilot marketing automation platform. The API provides methods for capturing leads, adding contacts, triggering Autopilot journeys, syncing unsubscribes, adding to the Autopilot activity feed, customizing contact profiles, and getting data from a third-party app into Salesforce. Customer journeys can be set up easily using a drag-and-drop interface.
AWR Cloud Developer	Web Site Management Analytics, Blogging, Cloud, Content, Content Management, Keywords, SEO, Social 	The AWR Cloud Developer API supports the integration of AWR Cloud features and tracking of website performance metrics. The API is particularly useful in the daily, weekly, biweekly, monthly, or on demand tracking of website rankings. Users can apply these metrics in the management of SEO projects, analysis of traffic statistics, measurement of social media exposure, and retrieval of customizable reports. The API sends requests and returns responses in JSON format. Users can buy monthly plans or subscribe for monthly account packages. The hourly limit of API calls for each account is set at 2,000, but users that require higher hourly output can send a request to the provider. AWR stands for Advanced Web Ranking.
AWS Cost Explorer	Data Accounts, Cloud, Database, Management  	The AWS Cost Explorer API allows you to programmatically query cost and usage for aggregated data including; total monthly costs, total daily usage, granular data, and more. Service data is returned in JSON format for GroupDefinitions, NextPageToken and ResultsByTime. Amazon Web Services provides Cloud computing that delivers database storage, applications, and other IT resources through a cloud services platform via the internet with pay-as-you-go pricing.
AWS Identity and Access Management	Other Accounts, Cloud, Management  	AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM) is a web service that enables Amazon Web Services (AWS) customers to manage Users and User permissions under their AWS Account. With it users can access features such as listing all users, retrieving documents for specified users and creating access keys. AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM) enables developers to create and manage Users under the umbrella of their AWS Account. IAM is used in conjunction with other AWS products to control access to the AWS resources within an AWS Account. It uses RESTful protocol and responses are formatted in XML.
AWS X-ray	Tools Cloud, Data	The AWS X-Ray API allows you to manage debug traces, retrieve service maps, data created by processing those traces and more. It is a service that collects data for requests that an application serves, and provides tools to view, filter, and gain insights into that data. Amazon Web Services provides Cloud computing that delivers database storage, applications, and other IT resources through a cloud services platform via the internet with pay-as-you-go pricing. This API is indirect access please refer to the SDKs below.
Backblaze B2 Cloud Storage	Cloud Backup, Storage, Tools 	The Backblaze B2Cloud Storage API is a cloud service tool for storing files in the cloud. With the B2 Cloud Storage API, users can manage the configuration of their accounts, create and manage the buckets that hold files, and upload, download, and delete files. Backblaze provides user-friendly, unlimited, and efficient storage and back up options and services.
Backendless	Backend Applications, Backend-as-a-Service, Cloud, Mobile	Backendless is a cloud backend platform that enables developers to create apps without server coding by utilizing programmable services which supply standard server functions. The following supported features are user management, relational data, push notifications, publish/subscribe messaging, geolocation, video/audio recording and live streaming on the server, file service. The functions and services are available through the API. Company published SDKs for all popular environments: iOS, Android, JavaScript, ActionScript, Windows Phone and REST. Some API features are app versioning support, video recording and live streaming on the server, filtering for publish/subscribe messages, hosting of websites and apps, flex/air clients support.
Banckle	Social Business, Cloud, Business	Banckle.com is a collaboration website that delivers cloud-computing solutions to enterprises on a global scale. Banckle Apps Suite is accompanied with a set of APIs that lets developers create new applications by interacting with single or multiple Banckle Apps and borrow some of its features. Currently APIs are available for the Live Chat, Online Meeting and File Sharing apps. The API deals with CRUD (Create, Read, Update, and Delete) operations for resource management. It uses RESTful protocol and responses are formatted in XML or JSON.
Banckle Campaign	Campaigns Cloud, Email, Marketing, Newsletter, Newsletters	Banckle is a cloud based software company that offers businesses with online customer support services. Banckle Campaign is an email marketing platform available through Banckle, enabling businesses to connect with their customers via campaigning. The Banckle Campaign API lets developers to personalize their customers’ experience by integrating it with their applications, enabling them to interact with customers directly from the application. The API allows features such as creating, managing, sending, and tracking emails and newsletter campaigns.
Banckle Chat	Chat Business, Cloud, Collaboration, Conversions, Customer Service	Banckle is a cloud based software company that offers businesses with online customer support services. Banckle Chat is one of the applications available through Banckle, enabling businesses to connect with their customers via chat (live or web). The Banckle Chat API lets developers to personalize their customers’ experience by integrating it with their applications, enabling them to interact with customers directly from the application.
Banckle Email	Email Cloud, Collaboration, Messaging	Banckle is a cloud based software company that offers businesses with online customer support services. Banckle Email is an email service available through Banckle, enabling businesses to create webmail solution for their applications. The Banckle Email API lets developers to personalize their customers’ experience by integrating it with their applications, enabling them to interact with customers directly from the application. The API allows features such as sending, receiving, and organizing emails.
Banckle Meeting	Meetings Cloud, Collaboration, Education	Banckle is a cloud based software company that offers businesses with online customer support services. Banckle Meeting is one of the applications available through Banckle, enabling businesses to connect with their customers by setting up meeting room on the cloud. The Banckle Meeting API lets developers to personalize their customers’ experience by integrating it with their applications, enabling them to interact with customers directly from the application. The API allows features such as webinars, audio and video conferences, and more..
BareMetalCloud	Cloud Hosting	BareMetalCloud delivers dedicated on-demand ï¿½Bare Metal Cloudï¿½ computing server infrastructure. With Bare Metal Images users can quickly build up and tear down large environments just like virtual server clouds. The BareMetalCloud API is a collection of URL's that can be used to allocate and manage NewServers resources with any development environment. Functionality areas include, dedicated servers and disks, disk imaging with IP addresses and load balancing coming soon. The API uses RESTful calls and responses are formatted in XML.
Beebotte	Internet of Things Backend, Cloud, Dashboards, Platform-as-a-Service, Real Time	Beebotte provides key building blocks to accelerate the development of Internet of Things and real time connected applications. Beebotte supports REST, Websockets and MQTT protocols to connect anything and everything in real time.
Betaface	Tools Cloud, Demographics, Images, Machine Learning, Photos, Recognition, Search, Security, Social, Software-as-a-Service 	Betaface API is a facial recognition and detection web service. Features include multiple faces detection, faces cropping, 123 face points detection (22 basic, 101 advanced), faces verification, identification, similarity search in very large databases (> 1 million faces), gender, age, ethnicity, emotion estimation, glasses, mustache, beard and hairstyle detection, face and facial features description, eyes, hair, skin, clothes and background colors.
BetterCloud	Software-as-a-Service Aggregation, Business, Cloud, Enterprise 	The BetterCloud API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of BetterCloud with other applications. Public documentation is not available; API access comes with account service. BetterCloud is a platform brings together all of an organization's software-as-a-service information technology (IT) tools in one place.
BetterEncoding	Video Cloud, Encoding	BetterEncoding is an on demand cloud-based video encoding software, that can integrates with a user's system and quickly encode their video files. The BetterEncoding API exposes the functionality of the software including uploading, encoding, monitoring of the encoding process, download, delte and list. It uses RESTful calls and responses are formatted in XML.
BetterServers	Backend Cloud	BetterServers provides users with fast cloud servers that can be deployed in less than ten seconds. Users may deploy whatever number of servers they need, from one to over one thousand. BetterServers comes with an API that can be used to provision, manage, and delete data center resources, such as server instances.
Big Red Cloud	Accounting Business, Cloud	Big Red Cloud API integrates business in the accounting field. This API offers a support accounting software service in addition to the integration with the API available on REST and ODATA formats. Guidelines include to create a key associated with developer's business, choose between C#, Java, PHP, Perl, and Node.JS languages, and integrate a business. Big Red Cloud API uses HTTP basic auth. Responses return HTTP protocol.
Bitcasa CloudFS	Storage API, B2B, B2D, Backup, Cloud, Developers, Platform-as-a-Service  	CloudFS is a cloud storage service provided by Bitcasa. It comes with file system services, client-side encryption, and media transcoding services, as well as plug-and-play APIs that are designed to simplify app development. These APIs enable developers to create and manage users, create file systems for those users, and enable users to manage their own data.
Bitport	Torrents Cloud, Streaming 	The Bitport API allows developers to create torrent related extensions and plugins. The Bitport platform is used to download torrents to the cloud, and play them online. All the work is done by Bitport's servers; so, the user's IP address is kept secure. Also, torrents can be accessed anywhere, and big torrents are downloaded faster.
Bizowie	Enterprise Cloud, Government, Business	Bizowie is a cloud-solutions technology company. Bizowie offers cloud-based software-as-a-service platforms for enterprise, companies, governments, and more. The Bizowie API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Bizowie with other applications. Public documentation is not available; interested developers should contact info@bizowie.com.
BlazeMeter	Cloud Performance  	BlazeMeter is a 100% JMeter-compatible, self-service load and performance testing cloud. Load tests can be created and configured online. Upon creation, users can run them using the BlazeMeter API. With the API, users no longer have to manually start the tests but can instead create an automated script that will automatically run a predefined test. The API can also be used to get links to the generated reports. These reports are available online or as a downloadable ZIP file.
Bluebox Blocks	Storage Cloud, Hosting	Blue Box is a cloud hosting and managed services company. Blocks is their on demand virtual computing resource. This cloud computing solution allows you to build an infrastructure by combining high performance dedicated equipment with on-demand computing resources. The Blocks API is a RESTful API and supports XML, JSON and YAML response types. API calls allow you to interface with actual block objects, view and create Block templates, view a list of available Block products, and view available locations.
BonFIRE	Cloud Reference	BonFIRE is consortium dedicated to researching cloud computing. It is comprised of academic and non-academic research institutions, business enterprises, technology analysts, and others. Their goal is to advance and develop cloud services for the Internet of Services community. BonFIRE currently maintains six testbeds of cloud services across Europe and the UK. They offer a RESTful API for developers to access those testbeds and query them for resources. The API returns XML-encoded results.
Boomi AtomSphere	Applications Cloud	Boomi is a provider of on-demand integration technology. It's AtomSphere product is a Platform as a Service that lets users connect applications in the cloud with applications on-premise in any combination. With the service, users can build, deploy and manage connections directly from the web. The AtomSphere API adds programmatic access to functionality that is otherwise accessed through the service interface. Functionality includes deployment and execution of processes, generating widgets, listing widgets and more. The API uses both REST and SOAP and responses are formatted in XML.
Botmetric	Cloud Analytics, Application Development, Artificial Intelligence, DevOps, Security  	Botmetric is a complete Cloud management platform, which provides advanced cloud cost analytics for AWS and Microsoft Azure, helps you enhance cloud security, and make DevOps faster. Botmetric uses data-driven decisions and intelligent remediation that enable you to focus on business initiative instead of analysis. The Botmetric provides API services to allow you to programmatically retrieve data regarding accounts, cloud cost analysis and savings from the Botmetric platform.
Boundary	Monitoring Cloud, Real Time	Boundary is a real-time monitoring service for cloud-hosted applications and sites. Boundary monitors and collects data on cloud-hosted applications and programs to identify high traffic and spot problems to be solved. The Boundary API allows developers to integrate Boundary functionality with other applications. Some example API methods include accessing data to build customized dashboards, manage data annotations, and create and manage monitoring metrics. Public documentation is not available; API access is available with Boundary account.
Box Metadata	Metadata Cloud, File Sharing, Storage	Box is a cloud based storage company that enables users to access and share their content from anywhere. The Box platform provides users storage to utilize for their applications. The Box Metadata API enables users to store and share metadata, the custom information associated with files. This allows for easy digital asset organization and advanced content functionality.
Box View	PDF Cloud, Conversions, Documents, HTML5 	Box is a cloud based storage company that enables users to access and share their content from anywhere. The Box platform provides users storage to utilize for their applications. The Box View API enables PDF and Office documents to be embedded into mobile and web applications by converting them to HTML.
Breezy	Tools Cloud, Mobile, Printing 	Breezy is a mobile printing app that allows multiple devices in a mobile workforce to print from designated machines. It allows users to print widely through a network of printing partners. It works on API with a simple SDK that allows for easy integration with new devices. The API operates on SSL and uses oAuth2 for securing integration.
Brightbox	Cloud Infrastructure-as-a-Service	Brightbox is a company that allows users to build cloud servers across 2 UK data centers in 30 seconds. The RESTful API enables a full control of Brightbox Cloud IaaS resources. In the site, users can find API tools, client libraries, endpoint URLs, requests, attributes, server information, and database material to facilitate application development.
Brightcove Ingest Profiles	Video Cloud, Platform-as-a-Service, Profiles	The Brightcove Ingest Profiles API enables profiles' creation, retrieval, and update from the Video Cloud account. Useful to transcode videos. Available with token as authentication in JSON architecture.
Brightpearl	Enterprise Cloud, Customer Relationship Management	Brightpearl is a remotely accessible business management tool, providing a single point from which to manage all aspects of a business: eCommerce, inventory management, accounting, order processing, and CRM. The Brightpearl API allows customers to access the data held in their Brightpearl account and make use of the platformâ€™s functionality from within their own applications.
Call2API	Telephony Video, Cloud, Messaging, Voice	Call2API allows users to integrate voice messaging capabilities into their contact platforms. An online editor helps users quickly build call flows and voice messages using pre-defined components. Users can send a voice broadcast in the form of a template, personalized for its recipients. Voice broadcast reports are available through the website or via API calls.
Carbonite Blog Importer	Storage Backup, Cloud, Blogging	Carbonite is an online backup service allowing users to make secure and automatic backups of their hard drives. Users can restore lost files and access their backups from any computer or internet enabled device. The Carbonite Blog Importer allows users to import their blogs and perform basic management of it. Methods include adding posts and comments, retrieving files, handling files and images and more. It uses SOAP calls and responses are formatted in XML.
Caringo Swarm	Storage Cloud 	Caringo Swarm API lets developers manage storage systems, enabling their users to work with data in various sizes. Caringo provides customers a way to store and work with their data. Users can get more information about the API by registering for a Caringo Connect Partner account.
Caspio Web Services	Database Cloud, Enterprise 	Caspio Bridge is a cloud database platform used to build interactive web applications through point-and-click wizards. It aims to allow users to build web forms, databases, and other enterprise management applications without the need for programming skills. The Caspio Bridge API allows third-party integration with existing Caspio applications and other cloud services.
Catchoom	Recognition Augmented Reality, Cloud, Images, Mobile, Photos 	Catchoom provides image recognition technology built to interact with 3rd party applications. End users take pictures with their smartphones and Catchoom matches relevant images and connects users to online content, offers, and digital experiences. The Catchoom API allows applications to manage the image recognition service as well as collections of reference images and the metadata associated with those images. The RESTful API responds with a HTTP status code and, if applicable, a JSON document.
Centili	Payments Cloud, Mobile, Telephony	Centili is a cloud based mobile payments service. Consumers can use Centili to charge their purchases of online products to their phone bill. The Centili API gives partners the ability to control and customize their payment process. The API can be used by independent developers, B2B Partners, commercial cloud solutions and vertical market specialists. API documentation is not publicly available but can be access to registered partners.
CenturyLink	Cloud Accounts, Applications, Management, Storage, Voice, Wireless	CenturyLink is a telecommunications company that offers cloud services for business, development, SaaS and resellers. The company offers an API that supports REST based HTTP requests in XML, JSON and SOAP protocols. The goals are to display billing, data centers, network usage, upcoming events and activity log. This API may serve as a control portal and could help developers to monitor users’ activity when they work from the cloud. To start application development, the site shows a quick overview guide and an instructional video. The website also displays 3 attributes with Success, Message and StatusCode names to show the type of responses developers will receive with requests.
Chapoo	File Sharing Collaboration, Cloud, Project Management  	Chapoo is a cloud-based platform for collaboration and project information management. The service allows project managers, designers, engineers and other contributors to improve productivity through better collaboration, communication and coordination. Chapoo offers a full-featured RESTful API for live queries and reports. Example functions include getting items contained in a binder, getting the contact image of a contact, getting a list of forms from a folder, and creating new folders. Results are returned in JSON format.
Cidaas	Registration Cloud, Identity 	The Cidaas API offers customer identity management services with features such as social login, multi-factor authentication, Single Sign On (SSO), device management, email verification, and customer specific data. The Cidaas API employs OAuth 2.0 for authentication. Cidaas provides support for multi-channel interactions with banking, education, corporate, and government applications.
Circuit	Collaboration Cloud, Content Management, Real Time, Video, WebRTC 	The Circuit API allows for extensive business collaboration and integration using such systems as ERP or CRM. Circuit is a collaboration tool that brings voice, video, screen sharing, file sharing, and messaging into a single view. Please register on https://developers.circuit.com and see the extensive API documentation, YouTube videos and blog posts.
Cisco Data in Motion	Internet of Things Cloud, Data, Networking 	The Cisco Data in Motion (DMo) API is a data management solution for networked connections such as Internet of Thing (IoT). Designed to be deployed as an inbuilt solution for Cisco-powered products, the RESTful API provides artificial intelligence mechanisms for acquiring and managing data for edge devices. Developers can use the DMo API to integrate real-time data filtering capabilities in edge devices such as sensors.
Cisco Meraki CMX	Cloud Analytics, Location, Management, Mobile, Virtualization 	The Cisco Meraki CMX (Connected Mobile Experience) API displays real-time location analytic data to improve customer support and engagement. Data collected is reported to a dashboard which reveals visitor traffic trends, dwell time and new or repeated visitor loyalty. This API is easy to set-up and has flexible functionality as it delivers JSON data that can be used with 3rd-party or custom applications.
Cisco Umbrella	Cloud Security  	The Cisco Umbrella Investigate API integrates cloud security. It is available in REST architecture with HTTP requests and JSON responses. Resources include domain status, pattern search, and security information. Cisco Umbrella is the company's Secure Internet Gateway in the cloud.
City Cloud City Network Control Panel	Backend Cloud	City Cloud provides Infrastructure-as-a-Service (IaaS) in the form of virtual servers. Users can choose their own hardware profiles and operating systems, paying by the hour for whatever resources they allocate. Servers can be created in as little as 30 seconds and can scale up or down as needed. The City Network Control Panel is the interface through which which City Cloud users can create and manage their servers, users, and groups. The SOAP APIs available through the Control Panel give developers programmatic control over authentication, online backup, the City Cloud service, and their own server's users, accounts, invoices, settings, etc.
ClearDB	Database Cloud	ClearDB is a cloud database platform from which users can back their web sites, blogs and applications. Itâ€™s a fully ACID compliant relational database accessible from any platform and any programming language. It offers a RESTful API that allows users to query the database. The API can also be used to automate backup operations and get realtime status info about the database.
Click2mail	Mail Advertising, Applications, B2B, Campaigns, Cloud, Enterprise, Integration, Marketing, Postal, Postcards, Real Estate	Click2Mail Webservices allows users to write their own programs to interface with the Click2Mail system. This is particularly handy for automating your direct mailing workflow or adding direct mail functionality to an existing website or program. Our Webservices can help you reduce your operations cost by off loading the expensive and time consuming task of printing, folding and mailing your direct marketing or transactional mailings. We offer many integration options. We have a feature rich Rest AP deigned for Web and Application integration, a simple to use Rest Batch XML API, a SOAP API. an email to mail service, and may other options to facilitate your postal mail needs.
Clickslide Datadipity	Tools Accounts, Aggregation, API Design, Application Development, Applications, Backend-as-a-Service, Billing, Bluetooth, Cloud, Data, Data-as-a-Service, Hacking, Hardware, Home Automation	Datadipity allows users to combine APIs from multiple sources into a ready-to-use JSON API which can be used with any Javascript Library. It also creates an XML API endpoint with the mashup for connecting to app servers. Datadipity can integrate any API into the system with a simple form based tool. Users have the ability to restructure APIs as they please, allowing them to unify multiple APIs into a standardized format. Mashups or restructured APIs can be published for others to see or kept private.
Cloud 66	Backend Hosting, Cloud, Applications	Cloud 66 provides application stack management as a service, allowing users to easily provision, deploy, and manage their applications in the cloud. Cloud 66 provides regular database backups, memory usage monitoring, and load balancing services. The service also offers security in the form of firewall management and DDoS (Distributed Denial of Service) protection.
Cloud at Cost	Cloud Canadian, Hosting, Storage 	The Cloud at Cost API allows developers to access its cloud hosting services programmatically. Cloud at Cost allows users to manage their servers even when the server network is misconfigured or disconnected. Users can add and remove additional storage as needed and move their virtual drivers from server to server. They can also add and remove IPs from their servers and even set their own reverse DNS records.
Cloud Elements Cloud Storage Hub	Documents Cloud, Storage 	The Cloud Elements Cloud Storage Hub API provides integrated access to leading cloud storage services, including Box, Dropbox, Dropbox Business, Google Drive, DocuSign, Adobe eSign, OneDrive, OneDrive for Business, OneNote, SharePoint, Amazon S3, Evernote, Salesforce Files, and Typeform. This allows users to manage all of their documents and files stored across multiple cloud services using uniform API calls.
Cloud Elements Collaboration Hub	Cloud Collaboration	The Cloud Elements Collaboration API returns JSON data to access users, messages, actions, threads, presences, and profiles. To authenticate, developers require token and secret. Cloud Elements is an API integration provider.
Cloud Elements CRM Hub	Customer Relationship Management Cloud 	The Cloud Elements CRM Hub API provides developers with integrated access to leading cloud-based CRM services, including Salesforce, SugarCRM, Zoho CRM, Pipedrive, Autotask, Microsoft Dynamics CRM, NetSuite, Infusionsoft, Oracle Sales Cloud, Close.io, HubSpot CRM, and Base. This allows users to access all of their accounts, contacts, and opportunities across multiple services using uniform API calls.
Cloud Elements eCommerce	Cloud eCommerce	The Cloud Elements eCommerce API returns JSON data related to abandoned checkouts, customers, orders, payments, refunds, and products. Developers require token and secret to authenticate. Cloud Elements is an API integration provider.
Cloud Elements eCommerce Hub	eCommerce Cloud 	The Cloud Elements eCommerce Hub API provides developers with integrated access to leading cloud-based eCommerce services such as Shopify, Magento, Etsy, Bigcommerce, Volusion, WooCommerce, Weebly, and Ecwid. This allows developers to use uniform API calls to manage their customers, orders, and inventory across multiple eCommerce services.
Cloud Elements Enterprise eSignature Hub	Cloud Electronic Signature	The Cloud Elements Enterprise eSignature API returns JSON data to access envelopes, documents, certificates, and recipients. To authenticate, developers require token and secret. Cloud Elements is an API integration provider.
Cloud Elements Enterprise Resource Planning	Cloud Enterprise, ERP	The Cloud Elements Enterprise Resource Planning API returns JSON data to access contacts, credit, employees, invoices, accounts, payments, orders, and vendors. To authenticate, developers require token and secret. Cloud Elements is an API integration provider.
Cloud Elements Event Conferencing Hub	Cloud Events, Teleconferencing	The Cloud Elements Event Conferencing API returns JSON, authenticated via token and secret. With the API, developers can create teleconferences assisted by cloud services. Cloud Elements is an API integration provider.
Cloud Elements Expense Hub	Cloud Budget	The Cloud Elements Expense API returns JSON data to create expenses reports. Developers require token and secret to authenticate. Cloud Elements is an API integration provider.
Cloud Elements Finance Hub	Financial Accounting, Cloud 	The Cloud Elements Finance Hub API provides integrated access to leading cloud-based finance and accounting services, including FreshBooks, Microsoft Dynamics AX, Microsoft Dynamics Great Plains, NetSuite, QuickBooks, Sage One, Sage 200, Sage Live, and Taxify. This allows developers to use uniform API calls to manage their orders and payments across multiple services.
Cloud Elements Flexible Spending Account	Cloud Accounts	The Cloud Elements Flexible Spending Account API returns JSON data to administer the flexible spending accounts of a user. Developers require token and secret to authenticate. Cloud Elements is an API integration provider.
Cloud Elements Help Desk	Human Resources Cloud 	The Cloud Elements Help Desk API provides developers with integrated access to leading cloud help desk services, including JIRA, Zendesk, Freshdesk, Freshservice, ConnectWise, Autotask, Oracle Service Cloud, ServiceNow, Salesforce Service Cloud, Desk.com, Help Scout, Cherwell, Wrike, and BMC Remedy OnDemand. This allows users to manage their incidents, users, etc. across multiple services using uniform API calls.
Cloud Elements Helpdesk Hub	Cloud Support	The Cloud Elements Helpdesk API returns JSON data to access incident types, comments, history, priorities, statuses, and users. To authenticate, developers require token and secret. Cloud Elements is an API integration provider.
Cloud Elements Human Capital Hub	Human Resources Cloud 	The Cloud Elements Human Capital Hub API provides integrated access to cloud-based human capital management (HCM) services, including NetSuite, Oracle Taleo, HireRight, SAP, Workday, PeopleSoft, SuccessFactors, and PeopleMatter. This allows developers to use uniform API calls to manage their employees, requisitions, and custom objects across multiple HCM services.
Cloud Elements Marketing Hub	Marketing Cloud 	The Cloud Elements Marketing Hub API provides a single point of access for leading cloud-based integrated marketing services such as Act-On, Eloqua, HubSpot, MailChimp, Mailjet, Marketo, Pardot, Salesforce Marketing Cloud, Allbound, SharpSpring, Autopilot, and Infusionsoft. This allows developers to manage their campaigns and contacts across multiple services using uniform API calls.
Cloud Elements Monitoring Hub	Cloud Monitoring	The Cloud Elements Monitoring API returns JSON data to monitor user activity. Developers require token and secret to authenticate. Cloud Elements is an API integration provider.
Cloud Elements OCR Hub	Cloud OCR	The Cloud Elements OCR API returns JSON data to access optical character recognition features. To authenticate, developers require token and secret. Cloud Elements is an API integration provider.
Cloud Elements Payments Hub	Payments Billing, Cloud 	The Cloud Elements Payments Hub API provides developers with integrated access to leading cloud-based online payment and subscription billing services such as Chargebee, Stripe, Chargify, and Expensify. This allows developers to use uniform API calls to manage their customers, subscriptions, and transactions across multiple cloud payment services.
Cloud Elements Platform	Software-as-a-Service Cloud, Customer Relationship Management, Developers, Documents, File Sharing, Integration, Monitoring, Storage 	Cloud Elements is a cloud to cloud API integration service. Designed for SaaS developers, it supplies easy connectivity with 3rd party apps via uniform APIs, allowing developers to write to a single API to construct "Cooperative Apps” that access multiple cloud services. Cloud Elements connects with entire categories of cloud storage apps, and monitors API activity so that developers don't have to. Cloud Elements offers a Platform API which allows developers to edit accounts, monitor individual API activity, upload and edit files, and more.
Cloud Foundry	Cloud Application Development, Standards 	The Cloud Foundry API allows developers to upload and run applications in the cloud and manage them throughout their lifecycles. Cloud Foundry is an open-source, multi-cloud, multi-vendor standard for cloud applications. Developers push their applications to Cloud Foundry by targeting the Cloud Controller, which stores raw application bits, tracks application metadata, and stages and runs the application.
Cloudability	Cloud Financial, Management, Monitoring  	Cloudability tracks and manages more than 80 cloud and SaaS providers to give companies the ability to monitor and analyze complete cloud spend across multiple vendors. Cloudability provides companies running cloud services with recommendations on how to increase cloud-use efficiency and actionable insight into unnecessary overages and unused instances. Cloudability offers an API that lets cloud users access their cloud billing and usage data from providers like AWS, Rackspace and Heroku, and connect that data to other businesses, financial systems or applications. The API uses RESTful calls and responses are formatted in XML and JSON.
Cloudant	Tools Cloud, Data	Cloudant is a data solutions provider. Businesses and research institutions can use their data layer to develop their data management operations. It is a scalable platform that supports data-replication, synchronization, analytics, and more. The Cloudant API exposes the database functionality. It is a RESTful API that allows developers to request information from all of the datasets they have access to and returns JSON-formatted data.
Cloudbase.io	Backend Cloud, Hosting, Application Development, Mobile	Cloudbase.io is a backend management service for mobile developers that takes care of all of the relational and non-relational data storage required for an applicationâ€™s data. Shared API functionality allows developers to turn their mobile app into a platform by sharing data between applications or with other cloudbase.io developers. Cloudbase.io offers a set of RESTful APIs for developers. API functions include data, register-device, cloudfunction, applet, log, log-navigation, notifications, email, paypal, and shared-api. Supported output formats include JSON and XML.
CloudBees HTTP	Backend Cloud, Application Development	CloudBees is a Java Platform as a Service supporting customers throughout the development lifecycle. Developers use CloudBees to build, run, and manage Java applications in the cloud. The CloudBees HTTP API allows customers to automate the platform.
CloudBroker	Science Cloud	CloudBroker offers scientific and technical applications in the cloud. The platform enables users to offer and use compute-intensive applications on different cloud computing infrastructures. CloudBroker provides users with a REST-based web service API. API methods include Jobs, Accesses, Organizations, Users, Resources, and more. Responses are provided in XML.
Cloudcommons Insight	Storage Hosting, Cloud	The service provides information and resources to support selection among and adoption of cloud storage and application hosting platforms. It maintains a listing of vendors and their service offerings, grouped and weighted according to its own system of categories and service ratings (SMI scores). Information is provided to aid comparison among providers and product packages. API methods support access to listings of services and vendors offering them. Methods also support access to the category taxonomy, including weightings applied to individual listings along with calculated natural and weighted SMI scores rating the service listings.
Cloudessa	Security Cloud, Wi-Fi, Authentication	Cloudessa is a cloud-hosted WiFi network access authentication service. The platform provides user authentication solutions that allow enterprises and hotspot network providers to secure and control all WiFi, BYOD, remote VPN, and captive portal access to their networks. Cloudessa offers a REST API that allows your platform to interact with the network access control infrastructure provided by Cloudessa. The API allows you to create, delete and modify users, groups, guest users and virtual RADIUS servers and to get a list of all active sessions.
CloudFuze	Cloud Collaboration, Documents, File Sharing, Syncing	CloudFuze is a cloud platform for document and file management, enabling users to collaborate and manage files remotely. The CloudFuze API lets developers integrate its services with their applications, allowing their users to utilize the CloudFuze’s functionality. It is a RESTful API, utilizing OAUTH security protocol.
CloudHarmony	Cloud	The service provides updated information about availability, network outages, and data transfer speeds for various cloud hosting platforms. Performance reporting can be specified by time period, type of service, specific service provider, and other criteria. It can provide benchmarks reflecting all monitored services for comparison and ratings of competing services. API methods support retrieval of performance data for a cloud hosting service, including availability statistics, current outages, and data speeds. Methods also provide benchmarks for performance measures and ratings of services against benchmarks. The API also will list providers monitored by category: database, hosting, storage, messaging, DNS resolution, etc.
Cloudify REST	Cloud Applications, Open Source, Platform-as-a-Service 	This service provides access to the Cloudify REST API. It is exposed by a Cloudify manager and returns resources for Blueprints API, Client API, Deployments API, Deployment Modifications API, Events API, Exceptions API and more. Cloudify is an open source cloud orchestration framework that enables you to model applications and services and automate their entire life cycle, including deployment on any cloud or data center environment, monitoring all aspects of a deployed application, detecting issues and failure, manually or automatically remediating such issues, and performing ongoing maintenance tasks. Cloudify is a pure-play, open source cloud orchestration platform based on TOSCA.
Cloudinary	Media Cloud, Images   	Cloudinary is a web asset management platform that allows users to store and manage their digital and web assets in the cloud. Assets, such as images, can be stored, resized, and managed in the cloud. The Cloudinary API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Cloudinary with other applications. Some example API methods include retrieving images, managing asset information, and managing account information.
CloudPassage Halo	Security Cloud, Hosting	CloudPassage is a service that allows users to secure their cloud servers and hosting. Some features of CloudPassage include firewall automation, authentication, and file integrity monitoring. The CloudPassage API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of CloudPassage with other applications. Some example API methods include managing firewall settings, managing accounts, and managing server information.
CloudRail	Internet of Things Cloud, Standards, Storage   	The CloudRail REST API allows access to multiple cloud services via a single interface. Data flows P2P without a middleware, everything stays automatically up-to-date, and it is free of charge. By integrating CloudRail into applications, developers can access Dropbox, Google Drive, Microsoft OneDrive, Box, and more.
CloudSigma	Cloud Accounting, API, API Management, Big Data, Cloud, Content Management, Data, Database, Datacenter, Hosting, Infrastructure-as-a-Service, Location, Open Source, Screenshots, SQL, Virtualization	CloudSigma is an Infrastructure-as-a-Service (IaaS) provider offering high availability, flexible cloud servers and cloud hosting. The API provides access to the full feature set including user management, drives management, servers management and more. The API uses RESTful calls and responses are formatted in TXT.
CloudVertical	Cloud Prices	CloudVertical is a cloud computing analytics platform. The platform integrates with the set of services CloudVertical offers. The API provides information about the cost of a cloud infrastructure.CloudVertical API pushes data from the Cloud to CloudVertical's system (cost, usage data) using standard data format to describe an infrastructure.
CloudViz	Design API, Application Development, Charts, Cloud, Diagrams, Graphics, Visualizations 	CloudViz is a set of REST APIs that can generate diagrams from text based graph descriptions. Developers can call CloudViz API using a DOT based graph description and get a PNG or SVG image returned.
Cloudways	Platform-as-a-Service Bots, Cloud, Datacenter, Hosting  	Cloudways offers integration with the Thunderstack powered platform of Cloudways which automates cloud servers and management. This platform supports multiple cloud infrastructure, multiple datacenters, SSD based hosting, and the CloudwaysBot assistant. The Cloudways API requires API Keys for authentication, and exchanges information in JSON format. This API is currently in Beta phase.
CloudWork	Backend Applications, Business, Cloud, Customer Relationship Management, Integration 	CloudWork is an integration as a service platform, iPaaS, that allows anyone to build connections between business and social media apps. As a result businesses are able to automate repetitive tasks and receive important notifications in a single feed. CloudWork saves time and increases productivity with just a few clicks. CloudWork takes a lightweight approach to integration. It pairs an affordable cloud-based integration tool with an exponentially growing library of SaaS APIs. It instantly connects data from previously siloed cloud apps (Google Apps, Zoho, Highrise, Capsule CRM, Zendesk, Freshbooks, MailChimp, Salesforce, Desk.com, Campaign Monitor, Twitter etc.) to automate crucial business processes and deliver notifications where you need it. CloudWork offers a large catalogue of pre-built tried and tested integrations. No technical skills, no big upfront investment or complicated setup are required.
CloudyRec	Backend Mobile, Applications, Backend-as-a-Service, Cloud	CloudyRec is a cloud-hosted backend solution for mobile applications. Users of CloudyRec can create, manage, and deploy their mobile applications. The CloudyRec web API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality and data of CloudyRec with other applications and to create new applications. CloudyRec offers both a sandbox API and a production API. Some example API methods include managing app resources, creating resources, and listing resources.
CLX	Messaging Cloud, Internet of Things, Voice 	The CLX API integrates large scale messaging into applications. It is available in HTTP REST architecture with JSON as protocol and token as the authentication method. The API allows developers to send one message to multiple recipients, send texts with 160 characters max, collect frequent recipients into groups, schedule messages for a later time, and parameterize each message.
Coconut	Video Cloud, Encoding 	The Coconut API allows developers to integrate cloud video encoding into their projects and applications. Coconut can be used to encode a single video or thousands per day. There is less than one second of queue time between when a job is requested and the encoding process begins. Coconut supports multi-screen transcoding (Android, iOS, browsers, etc.) and Apple HTTP Live Streaming. Users can export their encoded video to any CDN.
Codeeta	Marketing Business, Cloud, Tools, Widgets	Codeeta is an online marketing company that provides its customers with tools and widgets to promote their businesses on the web. With the Codeeta API, developers will be able to integrate its services into their own applications. Some of these Codeeta services include creating accounts, creating widgets, updating information to widgets, customizing widgets, and more..
Codenvy	Backend Cloud	Codenvy provides cloud-based services that include public cloud-based workspaces and private enterprise clouds. It provides facilities for quickly launching projects and for embedding and distributing environments. The Codenvy API gives developers extensive access to the platform's features. These include the ability to create, manage, and retrieve information on instances, projects, organizations, factories, and users.
Codero	Hosting Cloud, Infrastructure-as-a-Service	Codero is a cloud hosting service and infrastructure as a service. They offer an API to help developers integrate Codero services into a cloud-based development architecture. The API can display server information, edit server login access, reset servers, and delete servers from use. All requests to the API are made over HTTP with basic HTTP authentication and returns as a jSON object.
Codeship	Application Development Applications, Cloud, Developers 	The Codeship REST API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Codeship with other applications. Some example API methods include retrieving projects, listing projects, and managing builds. Codeship is a Continuous Integration (CI) platform that allows users to manage and deploy applications.
Codesion	Cloud Project Management	Codesion is a cloud management services company for tech businesses. They provide PCI level 1 compliant security for their products. They features they provide include solutions issue tracking, Subversion, Git, and CSV hosting, as well as FTP software deployment. The Codesion API exposes the account and project management functionality. It is a RESTful API that can return XML and JSON encoded data.
Commando.io	Management Application Development, Cloud, Storage	Commando.io offers a service for managing instances, droplets, and servers online. Developers can tag & organize servers, and trigger to run executions using containers of code on specific servers or groups of servers. Servers can be imported from Rackspace, Amazon Web Services, and DigitalOcean. The Commando.io API is available for users on a paid plan with Commando.io. The API uses HTTP basic authentication and automates similar functionality as it appears on the Commando.io interface.
Common Ledger	Accounting Business, Cloud, Data 	Common Ledger is an accounting platform with cloud capabilities. This platform automates collection and delivery of financial data between client and accountant, and its focus is on improving efficiency and productivity. Developers need to create an account to access documentation. Common Ledger is a New Zealand company with headquarters in Wellington.
ComputeNext	Backend Cloud, Marketplace  	ComputeNext is a cloud technology company that provides a cloud service brokerage platform, allowing users to discover and deploy cloud services from a single, value-added marketplace. The ComputeNext API provides a developer interface for discovering and utilizing Infrastructure as a Service (IaaS) from a growing selection of public cloud providers. This REST API allows developers to access and control the functionality of providers.
Containership Applications	Hosting Application Development, Cloud, Infrastructure-as-a-Service	The Containership Applications REST API allows developers to access and integrate the applications functionality of Containership with other applications. API documentation is not currently available. Interested developers should email developers@containership.io for API information. Containership is a hosting and application management platform solution.
Containership Hosts	Hosting Application Development, Cloud, Infrastructure-as-a-Service	The Containership Hosting REST API allows developers to access and integrate the hosting functionality of Containership with other applications. API documentation is not currently available. Interested developers should email developers@containership.io for API information. Containership is a hosting and application management platform solution.
Corezoid	Platform-as-a-Service API, Cloud, Integration 	The Corezoid API integrates platform as a service functionalities, such as access management, dashboard, and data download. Corezoid is a process engine that helps companies create a digital core for moving to the cloud. Available in JSON and REST formats.
Couchbase	NoSQL Big Data, Cloud, Internet of Things 	Couchbase uses NoSQL technology with the aim to relate with today's megatrends: big users, big data, the internet of things, and cloud computing. At first, NoSQL was pioneered by Google, Facebook, Amazon, and LinkedIn to interact with current web apps. Couchbase offers 10 APIs: Clusters, Sever Nodes, Rack Awareness, Buckets, Views, Design documents, XDCR, Compaction and Logs. All in REST format. The benefits of Couchbase could include to scale programs, measure performance, and augment speed for new applications.
CPUsage	Tools Cloud	CPUsage is a cloud computing at scale service. CPUsage provides access to high performance cloud computing, memory, storage, and infrastructure for applications and computing at scale. The CPUsage API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of CPUsage with other applications. Public documentation is not available; API access comes with account service.
CradlePoint	Cloud Networking, Networking	CradlePoint provides networking solutions and mobile broadband services. They offer high-performance routers that can be managed remotely through their Enterprise Cloud Manager server. Developers can enable other applications to access the server using CradlePoint's RESTful API. This opens up access to all kinds of information and functions, including alert notifications, authorizations, logs, patches, permissions, security tokens, settings, and more.
Crossrider	Cloud Application Development, Browsers, Tools	Crossrider is a multiplatform, cloud based extension development tool for the creation of interoperable extensions in a variety of online environments. Utilizing jquery, users are able to create extensions in minutes with a rapidly growing developer base. Monetize the online experience with a customized browser button or extension. The appAPI allows for the creation of cross-browser extensions using simple Javascript. Through the API you can utilize features such cross domain requests, local databases and browser buttons. In conjunction with the CrossriderAPI, you can check on the status of the extension online and ensure its proper functionality.
Cumulocity	Enterprise Mobile, Cloud	Cumulocity is an open, application centric, cloud-enabled M2M solution. Cumulocity's aim is to make mobile machine to machine applications profitable for businesses through ready-made, cloud subscription services. Cumulocity functionality is available to developers via a RESTful API. Resources include self, inventory, identity, event, measurement, audit, alarm, user, and deviceControl. Data exchanged with Cumulocity is encoded in JSON format.
CX	Storage Cloud, Collaboration, Social	CX is a cloud storage provider that offers features such as secure storage, real-time syncing, public and private sharing, interactive group collaboration, and intelligent discovery. The CX API is broken into three main areas of functionality File API: Browse and manipulate a user or group's file tree. Transport API: Uploading and downloading files from CX. User API: Interact with user account data like "view profile" The API uses RESTful calls and responses are formatted in JSON.
Database.com	Database Cloud 	Database.com is a database service in the cloud. It's services include database tools, file storage, a social data model, identification and authentication, and a developer API. With the Database.com API, developers can create their own applications in a variety of languages for a variety of platforms including mobile, social, web, and desktop.
Dataplug	Shipping Cloud  	Dataplug is a cloud shipping system built to allow users to manage all their transport carriers in a single place. The Dataplug API provides a RESTful interface for automating transactions. Specifically, the API can generate orders, retrieve order information, and track orders. Data is sent and received in XML format.
Datomic Client	Database Cloud, Data  	Datomic is a fully transactional, cloud-ready, distributed database that lets you build flexible, distributed systems that can leverage the entire history of your critical data, not just the most current state. With Datomic, you can build databases on your existing infrastructure or jump straight to the cloud. The Datomic Client API is a library for interacting with Datomic.
Deveo	Enterprise Collaboration, Cloud	Deveo is an enterprise-class, cloud-based software collaboration platform built around version control. Deveo allows users to manage their Git, Subversion, and Mercurial repositories and their access control. Deveo was built from the ground up as an extensible program. Deveoâ€™s REST API provides users with developer access to all of their Deveo data objects.
DeviceHive	Machine-to-Machine Cloud, Internet of Things	DeviceHive is a framework for machine-to-machine communication that can be used to bring connected devices into the Internet of Things. DeviceHive provides control software, and platform specific client libraries to jumpstart the development of home automation, remote sensors, and more. The RESTful DeviceHive API acts as a protocol for real time information exchange across connected devices. Consumers of the DeviceHive API within the DeviceHive ecosystem include the device, client, and administrator. The device sends and receives notifications via the API. The client can be used to control and monitor devices, and may use the API in order to view device status, process device notifications, and send commands to devices. The administrator parameter has full API access, and is in charge of creating and managing users, devices, and monitoring commands and notifications. DeviceHive is an open source project and can be found fully documented on GitHub.
Dial2Verify	Telephony Notifications, Verification, Cloud	Dial2Verify is a free, cloud-based, missed call notification service built around an API that enables users to build call verification based applications. The Dial2Verify API allows missed calls to be forwarded to CRM applications, remote URLs, E-mail addresses, and much more. The API accepts HTTP calls containing a telephone number to be verified and responds with a JSON object or image response.
Dialogflow Enterprise	Natural Language Processing Cloud, Machine Learning   	The Dialogflow Enterprise API is an end-to-end development suite for conversational interfaces including; chatbots, voice-powered apps and devices. This edition is the enterprise tier of Dialogflow and is part of Google Cloud Platform. This is a beta release of the Dialogflow V2 API and is not intended for real-time usage in critical applications. This API processes a natural language query and returns structured, actionable data as a result. Dialogflow is an end-to-end development suite for building conversational interfaces for websites, mobile applications, popular messaging platforms, and IoT devices that is powered by machine learning. It recognizes the intent and context of what a user says, allowing your conversational interface to provide responses. Dialogflow enables users with ways to interact with products by building voice and text-based conversational applications.
Dialogflow Enterprise gRPC	Natural Language Processing Cloud, Machine Learning   	The Dialogflow Enterprise gRPC API is an end-to-end development suite for conversational interfaces including; chatbots, voice-powered apps and devices. This edition is the enterprise tier of Dialogflow and is part of Google Cloud Platform. This is a beta release of the Dialogflow V2 API and is not intended for real-time usage in critical applications. The service name dialogflow.googleapis.com is needed to create RPC client stubs. This API processes a natural language query and returns structured, actionable data as a result. Dialogflow is an end-to-end development suite for building conversational interfaces for websites, mobile applications, popular messaging platforms, and IoT devices that is powered by machine learning. It recognizes the intent and context of what a user says, allowing your conversational interface to provide responses. Dialogflow enables users with ways to interact with products by building voice and text-based conversational applications.
Dialogflow Standard	Natural Language Processing Cloud, Machine Learning	The Dialogflow API is an end-to-end development suite of conversational interfaces for chatbots, voice-powered apps and devices that includes; query, intents, entities and more. Dialogflow processes a natural language query and returns structured, actionable data as a result. It is an end-to-end development suite for building conversational interfaces for websites, mobile applications, popular messaging platforms, and IoT devices that is powered by machine learning. It recognizes the intent and context of what a user says, allowing your conversational interface to provide responses. Dialogflow enables users with ways to interact with products by building voice and text-based conversational applications.
Dialogflow Standard gRPC	Natural Language Processing Cloud, Machine Learning	The Dialogflow gRPC API is an end-to-end development suite for conversational interfaces including; chatbots, voice-powered apps and devices. This is a beta release of the Dialogflow V2 API and is not intended for real-time usage in critical applications. This API processes a natural language query and returns structured, actionable data as a result. Dialogflow is an end-to-end development suite for building conversational interfaces for websites, mobile applications, popular messaging platforms, and IoT devices that is powered by machine learning. It recognizes the intent and context of what a user says, allowing your conversational interface to provide responses. Dialogflow enables users with ways to interact with products by building voice and text-based conversational applications.
Dialogflow Standard Webhooks	Natural Language Processing Cloud, Machine Learning, Webhooks	The Dialogflow Standard Webhooks API allows you to communicate with Dialogflow through its own, standard webhook format. Webhooks enables you to pass information from a matched intent into a web service to get a result. The Dialogflow API is an end-to-end development suite of conversational interfaces for chatbots, voice-powered apps and devices that includes; query, intents, entities and more. Dialogflow processes a natural language query and returns structured, actionable data as a result. It is an end-to-end development suite for building conversational interfaces for websites, mobile applications, popular messaging platforms, and IoT devices that is powered by machine learning. It recognizes the intent and context of what a user says, allowing your conversational interface to provide responses. Dialogflow enables users with ways to interact with products by building voice and text-based conversational applications.
DigitalGlobe Cloud Tile Cache	Cloud Images, Mapping	The DigitalGlobe Web Map Tile Service defines a set of functions that clients use to return features, with geometry and attributes that can be used in geospatial analysis. Any requests that conform to the OGC WMTS specification can interact with the DGCS WMTS Server. It provides raster imagery data at multiple resolutions in predefined imagery tiles in PNG or JPEG formats. My DigitalGlobe is a web-based application to quickly and easily view, analyze, and download DigitalGlobe data that is available to you via the EnhancedView Web Hosting Service.
DigitalGlobe Cloud Web Coverage	Cloud Images, Mapping	The DigitalGlobe Web Coverage Service allows the user to directly download raster image data in JPEG2000 or GeoTIFF format and supports the following operations; GetCapabilities, DescribeCoverage, and GetCoverage. The WCS client application is a program that communicates with the DGCS WCS server using those three functions and supports Keyword Value Pair request encoding only, using SOAP. My DigitalGlobe is a web-based application to quickly and easily view, analyze, and download DigitalGlobe data that is available to you via the EnhancedView Web Hosting Service.
DigitalGlobe Cloud Web Feature	Cloud Images, Mapping	The DigitalGlobe Web Feature Service provides vector metadata, including imagery footprints, in GML format and supports the following OGC-defined operations; GetCapabilities, DescribeFeatureType and GetFeature. DigitalGlobe WFS defines a set of functions to return features with geometry and attributes that can be used in any type of geospatial analysis. Requests that conform to the OGC WFS specification can interact with DGCS WFS server and requests for geographical features across the web using platform-independent calls. It allows querying, retrieval, creation, deletion, and updating of these features. My DigitalGlobe is a web-based application to quickly and easily view, analyze, and download DigitalGlobe data that is available to you via the EnhancedView Web Hosting Service.
DigitalGlobe Cloud Web Map	Cloud Images, Mapping	The DigitalGlobe Web Map Service is an interoperable, distributed web mapping system that defines a set of functions to achieve WMS capabilities. Requests that conform to the OGC WMS specification can interact with the DGCS WMS server. The client application requests desired information from the web map server, the map server then retrieves from the database the appropriate layers of geo-feature data for the specified spatial domain. The client and web map server interact using Hypertext Transfer Protocol Secure. My DigitalGlobe is a web-based application to quickly and easily view, analyze, and download DigitalGlobe data that is available to you via the EnhancedView Web Hosting Service.
DigitalGlobe Cloud Web Map Tile	Cloud Images, Mapping, Metadata	The DigitalGlobe Web Map Tile Service defines a set of functions to return actual features with geometry and attributes, to be used in any type of geospatial analysis. The WMTS Implementation Standard provides an interface to serve digital maps using predefined image tiles and complements the Web Map Service standard of the OGC. The DigitalGlobe WMTS supports the following operations; GetCapabilities, GetTile and GetFeatureInfo. This fetches the capabilities of the Web Map Tile Service and responds in the form of XML data. It provides raster imagery data at multiple resolutions in predefined imagery tiles in either PNG or JPEG. My DigitalGlobe is a web-based application to quickly and easily view, analyze, and download DigitalGlobe data that is available to you via the EnhancedView Web Hosting Service.
DigitalGlobe GBDX Aggregation	Big Data Analytics, Cloud, Extraction, Images, Intelligence, Library, Location, Mapping, Nature, Tools 	The DigitalGlobe GBDX Aggregation vector capability gives users the ability to summarize a vast amount of vector data rapidly and easily by location, keyword, date/time, and more. Aggregations allow users to poll larger areas for more information before narrowing down their searches to eventually reach the specific data they desire to download. Aggregations also give users the ability to run analytics such as change detection and discovering zones similar to an area of interest. GBDX is a living digital library that documents our planet with tools to extract meaningful insights at scale from that library. The ecosystem matches the creators of those insights with customers who can turn them into effective solutions. It is geospatial big data made accessible using a cloud-based platform that puts location intelligence at your fingertips. DigitalGlobe combines resolution, accuracy, global coverage and experience to provide high-resolution Earth satellite imagery, data and analysis.
DigitalGlobe GBDX AnswerFactory	Big Data Analytics, Cloud, Extraction, Images, Intelligence, Library, Location, Mapping, Nature, Photos, Tools 	The DigitalGlobe GBDX AnswerFactory web application is supported on Google Chrome. They do not support Microsoft Internet Explorer or Edge and is functional on Firefox but not actively tested. AnswerFactory is a simple web-based interface that allows you to take advantage of the power of GBDX and cloud-based remote sensing at scale. It allows you to create projects containing areas or regions of the globe you care about, then add "answers" within those areas including; locating and counting objects, detecting change, identifying foliage, finding OpenStreetMaps (OSM) new features and more. GBDX is a living digital library that documents our planet with tools to extract meaningful insights at scale from that library. The ecosystem matches the creators of those insights with customers who can turn them into effective solutions. It is geospatial big data made accessible using a cloud-based platform that puts location intelligence at your fingertips. DigitalGlobe combines resolution, accuracy, global coverage and experience to provide high-resolution Earth imagery, data and analysis.
DigitalGlobe GBDX Authentication	Big Data Analytics, Authentication, Cloud, Extraction, Images, Intelligence, Library, Location, Mapping, Nature, Tools 	The DigitalGlobe GBDX Authentication API allows you to get access to DigitalGlobe's GBDX platform. GBDX uses OAuth2 for authentication and authorization, and you will need your GBDX username, password, and API key. To make a request to any GBDX API, you'll need an OAuth2 token. It is an open protocol to allow secure authorization in a simple and standard method from web, mobile, and desktop applications. GBDX is a living digital library that documents our planet with tools to extract meaningful insights at scale from that library. The ecosystem matches the creators of those insights with customers who can turn them into effective solutions. It is geospatial big data made accessible using a cloud-based platform that puts location intelligence at your fingertips. DigitalGlobe combines resolution, accuracy, global coverage and experience to provide high-resolution Earth satellite imagery, data and analysis.
DigitalGlobe GBDX Catalog	Images Analytics, Big Data, Cloud, Extraction, Intelligence, Library, Location, Mapping, Nature, Photos, Tools 	DigitalGlobe GBDX Catalog is an API that queries the GBDX Vector Services database. The API is a compatibility layer that allows users to switch from querying the current GBDX catalog to querying Vector services with limited functionality changes. This includes; Get the API heartbeat, Get a record by ID and Search the catalog. GBDX is a living digital library that documents our planet with tools to extract meaningful insights at scale from that library. The ecosystem matches the creators of those insights with customers who can turn them into effective solutions. It is geospatial big data made accessible using a cloud-based platform that puts location intelligence at your fingertips. DigitalGlobe combines resolution, accuracy, global coverage and experience to provide high-resolution Earth satellite imagery, data and analysis.
DigitalGlobe GBDX IDAHO	Big Data Analytics, Big Data, Cloud, Extraction, Intelligence, Library, Location, Mapping, Nature, Photos, Tools 	The DigitalGlobe GBDX IDAHO service is a cloud-based, data storage format designed for high availability and real time access. IDAHO is an acronym for the IPE Data Architecture Highly-available Object-store that is a tile-based imagery format optimized for storage in cloud-based object stores. IDAHO images consist of two file types; tiles and metadata files. Converting large footprint satellite imagery into the IDAHO format provides imagery-manipulating algorithms, and tile-based access to the imagery that significantly reduces load time and compute time through parallel processing. GBDX is a living digital library that documents our planet with tools to extract meaningful insights at scale from that library. The ecosystem matches the creators of those insights with customers who can turn them into effective solutions. It is geospatial big data made accessible using a cloud-based platform that puts location intelligence at your fingertips. DigitalGlobe combines resolution, accuracy, global coverage and experience to provide high-resolution Earth imagery, data and analysis.
DigitalGlobe GBDX Ordering	Images Analytics, Big Data, Cloud, Extraction, Intelligence, Library, Location, Mapping, Nature, Tools 	The GBDX Orders API lets you order imagery by catalog ID and check the status of your order. This includes the maximum number of bands, and both "pan" and "multi" resolution, order status and the S3 bucket location for each acquisition. GBDX is a living digital library that documents our planet with tools to extract meaningful insights at scale from that library. The ecosystem matches the creators of those insights with customers who can turn them into effective solutions. It is geospatial big data made accessible using a cloud-based platform that puts location intelligence at your fingertips. DigitalGlobe combines resolution, accuracy, global coverage and experience, to provide high-resolution Earth satellite imagery, data and analysis.
DigitalGlobe GBDX Read Vector	Big Data Analytics, Cloud, Extraction, Images, Intelligence, Library, Location, Mapping, Nature, Tools 	The DigitalGlobe GBDX Read Vector search capability gives users the ability to query a vast amount of vector data rapidly and easily by location, keyword, date/time, and more. It allows access to a wide variety of vector data including map data and social media records. The API provides the analyst with a tool for visually mapping all available vectors within a given aoi. GBDX is a living digital library that documents our planet with tools to extract meaningful insights at scale from that library. The ecosystem matches the creators of those insights with customers who can turn them into effective solutions. It is geospatial big data made accessible using a cloud-based platform that puts location intelligence at your fingertips. DigitalGlobe combines resolution, accuracy, global coverage and experience to provide high-resolution Earth imagery, data and analysis.
DigitalGlobe GBDX S3 Storage	Big Data Analytics, Cloud, Extraction, Images, Intelligence, Library, Location, Mapping, Nature, Storage, Tools	GBDX stores ancillary data and derived products in an Amazon Web Services (AWS) S3 bucket. When a workflow is run on the GBDX platform, a task called "StageDataToS3" is typically the last task run by the workflow. This task takes the processed data and places it in the AWS S3 bucket. The GBDX S3 Storage Service allows users to access this data and provides the temporary credentials required to access a Prefix, Folder, or Object in the S3 bucket. GBDX is a living digital library that documents our planet with tools to extract meaningful insights at scale from that library. The ecosystem matches the creators of those insights with customers who can turn them into effective solutions. It is geospatial big data made accessible using a cloud-based platform that puts location intelligence at your fingertips. DigitalGlobe combines resolution, accuracy, global coverage and experience to provide high-resolution Earth satellite imagery, data and analysis.
DigitalGlobe GBDX Thumbnail	Images Big Data, Cloud, Extraction, Intelligence, Library, Location, Mapping, Nature, Tools 	The DigitalGlobe GBDX Thumbnail Service lets you request a thumbnail image and the image's metadata. You can request the thumbnail by dimensions (browse mode) or by orientation (thumbnail mode). The service redirects API requests to the Amazon Web Services (S3) location for the image file or the metadata file. This includes; Get a thumbnail by catalog ID and Dimensions, Get the metadata file for an image by catalog ID, Get the location of a thumbnail image and its metadata file by catalog ID and more. GBDX is a living digital library that documents our planet with tools to extract meaningful insights at scale from that library. The ecosystem matches the creators of those insights with customers who can turn them into effective solutions. It is geospatial big data made accessible using a cloud-based platform that puts location intelligence at your fingertips. DigitalGlobe combines resolution, accuracy, global coverage and experience to provide high-resolution Earth satellite imagery, data and analysis.
DigitalGlobe GBDX Web Application	Big Data Analytics, Cloud, Extraction, Images, Intelligence, Library, Location, Mapping, Nature, Organization, Tools 	The GBDX web application provides a way to find the tasks that meet your business needs, to define your area of interest, and to organize your work and track your progress. Google Chrome, Firefox, and Safari are the supported browsers and is not supported on any version of Internet Explorer. It allows you to organized work projects, upload a file to define your area of interest, run a task an extensive task library and more. GBDX is a living digital library that documents our planet with tools to extract meaningful insights at scale from that library. The ecosystem matches the creators of those insights with customers who can turn them into effective solutions. It is geospatial big data made accessible using a cloud-based platform that puts location intelligence at your fingertips. DigitalGlobe combines resolution, accuracy, global coverage and experience to provide high-resolution Earth satellite imagery, data and analysis.
DigitalGlobe GBDX Workflow	Images Analytics, Big Data, Cloud, Extraction, Intelligence, Library, Location, Mapping, Nature, Tools	The DigitalGlobe GBDX Workflow system is a series of tasks chained together to run on the GBDX platform. Each "task" is an individual process that performs a specific action. In order to run as part of a workflow, a task must be registered in the workflow system's task registry. The Workflow API allows users to: register a task in the workflow system's task registry, manage tasks in the task registry, create a new workflow by submitting a workflow definition and more. GBDX is a living digital library that documents our planet with tools to extract meaningful insights at scale from that library. The ecosystem matches the creators of those insights with customers who can turn them into effective solutions. It is geospatial big data made accessible using a cloud-based platform that puts location intelligence at your fingertips. DigitalGlobe combines resolution, accuracy, global coverage and experience to provide high-resolution Earth satellite imagery, data and analysis.
DigitalGlobe GBDX Write Vector	Big Data Analytics, Cloud, Extraction, Images, Intelligence, Library, Location, Mapping, Nature, Photos, Tools	DigitalGlobe provides a service that allows users that have vectors of their own and would like to visualize in the index, easily pass them to other users. Vector write can be completed via shapefile ingest or API writes of JSON formatted vectors. JSON formatted vectors may be written via either synchronous and asynchronous methods, and users specify the index for their own provided vectors. Vector generation is useful for direct additions of or updates to vectors, without needing a third party service or a vector submission request form. GBDX is a living digital library that documents our planet with tools to extract meaningful insights at scale from that library. The ecosystem matches the creators of those insights with customers who can turn them into effective solutions. It is geospatial big data made accessible using a cloud-based platform that puts location intelligence at your fingertips. DigitalGlobe combines resolution, accuracy, global coverage and experience to provide high-resolution Earth imagery, data and analysis.
DigitalOcean	Storage Cloud  	DigitalOcean provides a simple, cloud based virtual server (droplet) service. With over 13,000 cloud servers currently in operation, DigitalOcean is a well-established provider of online storage solutions with fast, realtime control. With a streamlined interface, users are able to create and start utilizing a virtual server in under a minute. The API provides all the same services as the web control panel to allow full control over your Droplet virtual servers. Using a simple, REST interface you can make calls for: shutting down, power cycling your virtual server, show all active droplets, take a snapshot, rebuild your droplet, and more. The API supports all major droplet functions allowing you to effectively run your server through the API.
Dirigible	Office Cloud, Tools	Dirigible is a programmable, cloud-based spreadsheet. As well as traditional spreadsheet formulae, users can put Python code in each cell. Thus, a cell can hold objects, lists, or even references to functions. If custom calculations are required, a code editor embedded in the page can change the way the spreadsheet is recalculated. All Dirigible spreadsheets have an associated JSON URL, which allows them to be integrated into websites.
Docebo LMS	Education Cloud, Learning Management Systems	Docebo is a eLearning platform that deliver educational materials for professionals and corporates. Docebo lets customers to work on their course materials online, and track their progress on the website. The Docebo API lets developers to integrate its services with their applications. With the API integrated, users of the applications will be able to use the services offered by Docebo directly.
Docker Cloud Rest	Cloud Application Development, Applications, Open Source, Software-as-a-Service 	The Docker Cloud Rest API is an API offered by Docker Cloud that is used by Web UI and CLI. The API documentation contains all the operations in the platform and provides examples for usage. Docker Cloud helps users build, ship, and run any application from anywhere. Docker is an open-source platform to build, deploy, and manage containers for applications.
Docker Cloud Streaming	Cloud Application Development, Applications, Open Source, Software-as-a-Service 	The Docker Cloud Streaming API is an API offered by Docker Cloud that is used by Web UI and CLI. The API documentation contains all the operations in the platform and provides examples for usage. Docker Cloud helps users build, ship, and run any application from anywhere. Docker is an open-source platform to build, deploy, and manage containers for applications.
DOCOMO Photo Collection	Photos Cloud, Images, Upload	DOCOMO is a Japanese provider that offers a suite of API tools meant to streamline application development. The Photo Collection API can be used to upload photos or videos to store on a DOCOMO cloud server. Developers can also make requests to retrieve said content via the API. The Photo Collection API can be implemented using REST protocol. DOCOMO also offers an API console to easily demo their many APIs.
DocumentCloud	News Services Cloud 	DocumentCloud helps journalists track documents. It is a repository, as well as a tool for document-based investigative reporting. The company compares its repository to a card catalog. DocumentCloud was built to "accelerate the work of reporters who need to make sense of large sets of documents." The DocumentCloud API allows developers to create applications around DocumentCloud services. Authentication (HTTP Basic Auth) is not required for searching documents, but is required for everything else.
Dome9	Security Cloud	Dome9 is a service for centralizing and automating security for cloud servers of all kinds. Server managers can monitor user activity in detail, maintaining reports even after servers are retired. Multiple users can be added to a single Dome9 account, and their permissions can be customized to control their access. Access to the servers (which are hidden by default) is granted via a secure access lease. One-time secure access leases are available for individuals who need temporary access to servers such as developers or consultants. To enhance server security, Dome9 uses multi-factor authentication along with customizable real-time alerts regarding security issues. Dome9 is available for integration using its API, which enables developers to view Dome9 security entities and to create and delete access leases. Potential API uses include self-granting secure access during batch jobs and adding a secure access lease button to an application.
dotCloud	Backend Cloud	DotCloud is a service for deploying, managing, and scaling web applications. Sandbox apps are free, and users may add as many services as they want. Live applications run on a separate cluster, which is monitored 24/7 by the dotCloud operations team. Developers may build custom application stacks by combining powerful, pre-configured cloud services. A SOAP-based API makes dotCloud accessible programmatically so that it can be integrated into other applications and services.
Doxument	Tools Cloud, Conversions, Documents, OCR 	Doxument provides a platform for document conversion in the cloud for businesses and developers. The Doxument API allows developers to integrate document conversion functionality into any project running on any platform and coded in any language. The API provides the following functionality and more: # Upload documents using POST requests. # Convert documents to/from other formats. # OCR scanned documents into searchable text It uses RESTful calls and responses are formatted in JSON.
DreamFactory Live	Backend Application Development, Backend-as-a-Service, Cloud, Email, Mobile, NoSQL, Notifications, Open Source, SQL  	DreamFactory is a free open source REST API platform that runs in the cloud or on premises. Single-click installers are available for most of the Infrastructure as a Service (IaaS) and Platform as a Service (PaaS) cloud vendors. You can also run DreamFactory on a Linux, Windows, or Mac desktop computer. The software package includes a complete LAMP Stack with PHP and a dedicated SQL database that can be installed on any server. A free hosted developer sandbox environment is also available.
DreamFactory Push	Backend Application Development, Backend-as-a-Service, Cloud, Email, Mobile, NoSQL, Notifications, Open Source, SQL 	This DreamFactory API provides a way to send push notifications to your Apps running on iOS and Android devices. This includes support for AWS Simple Push Notification (SNS) service, Apple Push Notification Service (APNS) and Google Cloud Messaging (GCM) service. This service allows DreamFactory to be used as your push notification provider. Your App can register user devices on DreamFactory, then send the notification targeting an App, and all devices registered under that App will receive the push notification. DreamFactory is an open source REST API backend for mobile, web, and IoT applications. It is a middleware platform that enables developers with the ability to connect to any data source and get a palette of secure, reliable, and customizable REST APIs for their projects.
DreamFactory SOAP	Backend Application Development, Backend-as-a-Service, Cloud, Email, Mobile, NoSQL, Notifications, Open Source, SQL 	This DreamFactory SOAP service provides clients with REST-based access to XML-based SOAP remote services, that converts the client request (JSON, etc.) to a SOAP request to the remote service, and the SOAP response to a easily consumed client response (JSON). DreamFactory takes the service's configured WSDL file and auto-generates a Live API service definition, determining available resources, required payloads, returned data types, and scriptable events. DreamFactory is an open source REST API backend for mobile, web, and IoT applications. It is a middleware platform that enables developers with the ability to connect to any data source and get a palette of secure, reliable, and customizable REST APIs for their projects.
DreamHost DreamObjects	Storage Cloud	DreamObjects by DreamHost is a cloud storage service for web and application developers. Developers can store their data and applications in the cloud. The DreamObjects API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of DreamObjects with other applications. The API is compatible with Swift and Amazon S3. Example API methods include retrieving service lists, managing account information, and executing operations.
Dydra	Database Cloud, Semantics	Dydra is a cloud-based RDF store, a database-as-a-service. Users can import their data and a SPARQL endpoint will be made available for their application to use. Users can perform most account functions on Dydra.com via a standard REST API. Some of the functionality includes: read and update account information; create a repository; download a repository in various RDF formats. Responses are formatted in XML and JSON.
Eagle Eye Video	Video Cameras, Cloud, Security, Storage   	Eagle Eye Networks provides web and cloud technologies to make camera use easier, robust, and more accessible. From the cloud on Eagle Eye's servers, you can deploy analytics on one, or multiple, cameras. With the Eagle Eye Video API, users can record, index, and store camera video. The API interfaces with the camera, records the video, and transmits securely to the cloud for storage, where it is available for use in applications. This REST API allows you to manage your videos from anywhere.
eatabit.io	Ordering Cloud, Food, Mobile, Printing, Restaurants	The Eatabit.io API facilitates online ordering and in-restaurant printing for restaurant delivery services. The API uses JSON over HTTPS and requests are authenticated via HTTP Basic Auth. Use the API to manage online ordering and send orders directly to the restaurant kitchen for printing via Eatabit's custom printer. The API can also offer delivery and pick up time estimates.
EdgeCast CDN	Storage Cloud, Media, Cloud, Performance	The service provides a content delivery network (CDN) to store, stream, and deliver rich media assets and other data with high performance and large capacity. It is designed to enable e-commerce, optimized web application performance, and broad access to licensed media and other content. Applications supported include media and entertainment, gaming, and live events. API methods support authentication, rights and access management, and cache management for rapid performance.
Egnyte	File Sharing Storage, Cloud, Social, Collaboration	Egnyte allows enterprises to store files in the right place based on file size, security, and compliance needs with a unique solution that can be cloud only, on-prem only or synchronized between cloud and on-prem storage. Users get the seamless access and file sharing from any device regardless of where files are stored.
Elastic Email	Email Cloud	Elastic Email provides direct email sending through a REST API. Elastic Email is a simple email delivery service for cloud applications. The API allows users to send an email to a single recipient or group of recipients, get the status of a single send transaction including delivery statistics for recipients and determine how much credit you have left in your Elastic Email account. Responses are formatted in XML. Code samples are provided for PHP, C# and Java.
ElasticBox	Cloud Application Development, Business, Modules	ElasticBox develops cloud applications to support business functions. It provides a modular, service-based application development structure with encapsulated "Boxes" that are components of the application architecture. The Boxes are mobile across cloud environments and are reusable. The ElasticBox APIs encompass the management of security, workspaces, boxes, instances, organizations, profiles, providers, and blobs.
ElasticHosts Cloud Computing	Cloud Hosting, Infrastructure-as-a-Service, Virtualization	ElasticHosts is an elastic cloud computing provider. Users can configure ElasticHosts' sophisticated cloud infrastructure to match their needs with any web browser. They provide web hosting solutions on a virtual server. The ElasticHosts API allows users to create drives, upload, and download drive images, and create and control virtual servers on their infrastructure.
eLearning Cloud	Education Cloud, Learning Management Systems, Marketplace	eLearning AG is an educational marketplace for professional online learning materials and services. It's an online education platform that connects individuals with course providers via the web. The eLearning AG Cloud REST API lets developers integrate its services with their application. With the API integrated, users of the applications will be able to use the services offered by eLearning AG.
ElephantDrive	Storage Backup, Social, Cloud	ElephantDrive is a cloud-based file backup and sharing service. Users can retrieve their files from any browser on a PC or mobile device without needing to download the ElephantDrive software. Individual files can be shared using custom links. Entire folders can be made accessible using secure permissions. ElephantDrive has an XML-based SOAP API to allow it to be integrated with other systems.
Emarsys	Marketing Campaigns, Cloud, Platform-as-a-Service	The Emarsys API integrates cloud marketing into applications. Clients can automate contacts lists and emails campaigns. Available in HTTP format. Endpoints include administration, contacts, segments, sources, email campaigns, and launchers.
Enginio	Backend Cloud	Enginio is a backend-as-a-service solution that simplifies backend development for connected and data-driven applications. Enginio manages application data as objects which are stored with additional information, including a unique ID, assorted properties, and an object type. Objects are also grouped in collections and can be linked together via object references. Developers can use the Enginio API to create, read, update, and delete objects.
enstratius	Backend Cloud, Enterprise	Enstratius provides a suite of tools to help enterprises manage their cloud infrastructure. It supports the provisioning, management, and automation of applications in all leading public and private clouds. Enstratius is available as either software-as-a-service or on-premises software. Enstratius' RESTful API enables customers to make authenticated calls against Enstratius from existing applications or third-party tools.
Eobot	Bitcoin Cloud, Currency	The Eobot API provides access to methods for cloud and Bitcoin mining. Specific methods allow users to retrieve balances, get mining and cloud speeds, get the deposit wallet's address, retrieve the user's ID, get or set the mining mode, set automatic withdrawals, perform a manual withdrawal, and buy cloud resources with cryptocurrency. Eobot works with numerous cryptocurrencies, including Bitcoin, Litecoin, BlackCoin, Namecoin, Dogecoin, Darkcoin, Reddcoin, BitSharesX, CureCoin, StorjcoinX, Gems, Counterparty, Stellar, Paycoin, Peercoin, NXT, and MaidSafeCoin.
eOptin Authorize Connect	Cloud Authentication	eOptin is an end-to-end platform that authorizes secure connections between the cloud and any kind of electronic device or appliance. It also enables users to manage those connections securely from anywhere in the world. Users can connect with eOptin's authorization services from within their own application or device via the eOptin Authorize Connect API.
Ersatz	Machine Learning Cloud, Collaboration, Data, Predictions, Recognition, Visualizations 	Ersatz is a web-based machine learning program that can automate recognition tasks that previously required human interaction. The Ersatz platform can be used or model & data visualization, team collaboration, and GPU computing, all from within a browser. The Ersatz REST API allows developers to make HTTP requests to programmatically access the platform to create, retrieve, and update objects concerning datasets, models, predictions, and ensembles. Using the API, developers can upload files to a maximum of 10MB per API call.
Euro.message	Project Management Marketing, Cloud, Social, Media, Analytics	The Euro.message API gives users of Euro.message.com the full functionality of the website from their remote systems. The API allows users to manage all of their online marketing campaigns from a single service. The API is designed to be easily adapted into most systems and is available, for instance, as a web service or through the XML protocol.
Eurotech Everyware Cloud	Enterprise Cloud	Eurotechâ€™s Everyware Cloud platform, built on the Everyware Software Framework, that connects distributed devices to business enterprise applications. The Eurotech Everyware Cloud API provides a RESTful interface for integrating applications into the platform.
ExactTarget Fuel REST	Cloud Customer Relationship Management, Marketing	The ExactTarget Fuel REST API provides developers the tools to develop Marketing Cloud applications in the App Center that developers will able to access via the web. The API also allows developers to establish the ExactTarget permissions that their applications need. Some of the available permissions developers can request include channels (i.e. email messages, sms,..), assets i.e. documents and images, contacts i.e. lists and audiences, data, and more.
ExactTarget Fuel SOAP	Cloud Customer Relationship Management, Marketing	The ExactTarget Fuel SOAP API provides developers the tools to develop Marketing Cloud applications in the App Center that developers will able to access via the web. The API also allows developers to establish the ExactTarget permissions that their applications need. Some of the available permissions developers can request include channels (i.e. email messages, sms,..), assets i.e. documents and images, contacts i.e. lists and audiences, data, and more.
Exoscale Apps	Cloud Hosting, Virtualization	Exoscale is a cloud service provider based in Switzerland that features SSD servers, object storage, and protection with the Swiss Federal Data Protection Act. Exoscale offers 7 monthly plans with different hardware specifications according to the developer's needs. The Apps REST API is used to plug continuation integration or other automation tools with a PaaS deployment. This API exchanges information in JSON format, and uses API Keys for authentication.
Exoscale Compute	Cloud Virtualization 	Exoscale is a cloud service provider based in Switzerland. It features SSD servers, object storage, and protection with the Swiss Federal Data Protection Act. The Compute REST API is based on Apache Cloud Stack, exchanges information in JSON format, and uses API Keys for authentication. Exoscale offers 7 monthly plans which feature different hardware specifications according to the developer's needs.
Exoscale DNS	Cloud Domains, Hosting, Storage, Virtualization	Exoscale is a cloud service provider based in Switzerland that features SSD servers, object storage, and protection with the Swiss Federal Data Protection Act. Exoscale offers 7 monthly plans with different hardware specifications according to the developer's needs. The DNS REST API is used to program hosted zones and records. This API exchanges information in JSON format, and uses API Keys for authentication.
Exosite	Cloud Storage	Exosite is a cloud-based data platform, providing businesses with a solution for managing communications between devices and users, running calculations and transformations on data, storing and retrieving data, and processing rules and sending dispatches. Users can try out the Exosite platform for free, though full access to all features of the platform requires enrollment in a paid program. The Exosite API gives users programmatic access to many of the data storage and manipulation features provided by the Exosite platform. This API operates over REST and JSON RPC, and uses the JSON data format.
Exotel	Telephony Cloud, Messaging, Business, Indian	Exotel provides its users with virtual phone numbers that can be used for customer service, bulk SMS, and conference calls. These numbers come with Interactive Voice Response (IVR), call recording, data collection, and analytics services. Exotel provides a RESTful API that allows developers to integrate its IVR and SMS systems into their applications or websites.
expressFlow	Security Storage, Cloud  	ExpressFlow is a file encryption service that enables users to encrypt documents in a browser before pushing them to a cloud storage provider such as Dropbox, Google Drive, or Box. Just drag and drop files from your computer to the expressFlow website and let expressFlow encrypt them and give back the credentials. The expressFlow API allows developers to easily integrate complex file-processing tasks into their applications. Built around the principle that "everything is in the cloud," the expressFlow API makes integration easy by keeping the process simple. An API key is required.
Fabasoft Folio	Enterprise Cloud	Fabasoft Folio Cloud is cloud based software that offers enterprises a number of business applications within a single cloud computing environment. Developers can use Folio Cloud as a platform on which to develop their own apps. APIs are available that let users access their business data using open standards such as WebDAV, CalDAV and CMIS. CalDAV - Synchronize a calendar in Folio Cloud with a mobile device. For more information see http://developer.foliocloud.com/en/api/caldav.html WebDAV - Synchronize content from Folio Cloud to a local computer and access documents by double-click. For more informations see http://developer.foliocloud.com/en/api/webdav.html Content Management Interoperability Services (CMIS) - Access data and Team Rooms in Folio Cloud. For more informations see http://developer.foliocloud.com/en/api/cmis.html These standards allow for functionality such as scheduling, data manipulation and content management. Public documentation is not available.
Fast2Host	Storage Hosting, Cloud, England	The service located in the UK provides hosting for websites and supporting resources to customers worldwide. Web resources are hosted on dedicated servers in its own data center with internet-based access from remote locations. Users of the service control resources provided under their accounts via online control panel functions, either through the service's own interface or via its API. API methods support management of user accounts, managing hosting space assigned to the account, and upgrading/downgrading service packages. User account methods allow creation of new users, updating of existing account data, assigning permissions to hosted resources, and inactivating users. Methods for managing hosting spaces and upgrading/downgrading work with service packages defined by the service.
Fastly	Cloud Security  	Fastly is a CDN platform that allows users to manage their website architecture. Fastly offers analytics, reports, caching, and purging features. The Fastly API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Fastly with other applications and websites. Some example API methods include managing cache settings, managing customer and account information, and retrieving analytics and statistics.
FaxLogic	Fax Messaging, Cloud  	FaxLogic provides its customers with an enterprise-level fax service. Its notable features include a cloud-based infrastructure, unlimited scalability, the ability to receive faxes via email, a secure online document archive, a never-busy fax system, and the option to keep one's current fax number. The FaxLogic API provides secure programmatic access to FaxLogic's services and online message repositories. The API operates over REST calls and supports high-volume, high-performance requests from any HTTPS client. Detailed API documentation and code examples are available by request.
FeedHenry	Backend Mobile, Backend-as-a-Service, Applications, Cloud  	FeedHenry is a mobile application backend management platform. Users of FeedHenry can create, manage, host, and deploy mobile applications with FeedHenry solutions. FeedHenry is a cloud-hosted platform. The FeedHenry API allows developers to integrate the functionality and data of FeedHenry with other applications and to create new applications. FeedHenry offers both cloud and on-device APIs. Some example API methods include saving objects and cache, parsing strings into JavaScript objects, and reading RSS feeds from a link.
Fhoster Livebase	Storage Cloud, Enterprise 	FHOSTER allows you to develop cloud-based servers (cloudlets) and interact with them through its Livebase product. Livebase affords you the ability to serve data to your customers in a visually appealing manner and make data management more user friendly. Their Livebase product allows you to produce UML-based conceptual schema of your client's information through a web browser interface. Livebase allows you to quickly build a front-end of a database. From simple tables to complicated relational databases, Livebase delivers expressive, enterprise level data solutions for your clients. The Livebase REST API allows you to constrain and maintain your database cloudlets in external systems: Including cardinality, predicate-based integrity, navigability and rule-based access control. OPTIONS and GET methods are supported for each resource with others available depending on the type of resource.
Fiabee	Enterprise Collaboration, Cloud, Storage, Social	The Fiabee platform is designed for organizations willing to deploy cross-platform applications to mobilize business processes for internal and external users. The Fiabee REST API allows users to create and maintain cloud based file systems, synchronize information, manage accounts, and more.
figshare	Education Cloud, Social, Social, Reference 	Figshare allows researchers to publish all of their research online in an easily citable, sharable, and discoverable manner. All file formats can be published, including videos and datasets. Creative commons licensing permits research to be easily shared while still allowing researchers to maintain ownership of their findings. Figshare gives users unlimited public space and 1GB of private storage space for free. The figshare API enables other programs to make use of figshareâ€™s functionality and content. This API employs REST calls and can be accessed and used by anyone.
FileCloud Admin	File Sharing Backup, Cloud, Collaboration, Enterprise, Storage, Syncing	FileCloud is a Dropbox-like solution that allows businesses to create private, brandable clouds for their employees, customers, and clients. These clouds provide file sharing, syncing, and mobile access services. FileCloud also comes with a number of features that differentiate it from other cloud services, such as active directory integration, searchable audit reports, remote mobile device management, and endpoint backup. The FileCloud Admin API enables users to access administrative methods for handling alerts, audits, checks, external objects, groups, users, etc.
FileCloud User	File Sharing Backup, Cloud, Syncing	FileCloud is a Dropbox-like solution that allows businesses to create private, brandable clouds for their employees, customers, and clients. These clouds provide file sharing, syncing, and mobile access services. FileCloud also comes with a number of features that differentiate it from other cloud services, such as active directory integration, searchable audit reports, remote mobile device management, and endpoint backup. The FileCloud User API allows users to programmatically access their favorites, files, images, profiles, sharing options, and more.
FilePicker	Storage Upload, Cloud, File Sharing 	Filepicker.io is a tool that allows users to access and upload their content to the cloud both from their local machines as well as online. Developers can use the API to integrate access to cloud servcies within their applications. The Javascript API gives developers the ability to customize the user experience for both choosing and saving files. The Pick files functionality allows users to make their upload forms handle local uploads as well as uploads from services such as Dropbox and Facebook and devices such as webcams. The Save files functionality allows users to save content directly to Dropbox, Google drive, Evernote, or even as an email attachment, rather than downloading it to their local device. The API uses JavaScript protocol. A RESTful interface is available for working with Filepicker.io URLs.
Filestack	Upload Cloud, Editing, File Sharing, Images, Media, Video  	Filestack is a file handling platform that enables users to upload, store, transform, and deliver images, videos, and documents in the cloud. Developers can use the Filestack API in HTTP, JSON, & REST formats to integrate with over 20 cloud services from cloud drives including Google Drive, Dropbox, and Facebook. Files can be dynamically transformed via simple URL transformations, including crop, resize, and align. Api Key and OAuth2 required to authenticate.
FireHost	Security Hosting, Cloud	FireHost provides managed hosting solutions, including secure cloud hosting. The FireHost API provides customers with developer access to all of the features and controls available in the cloud server customer portal. The RESTful API returns JSON formatted responses.
Flashreport	Reporting Cloud, Documents, PDF	Use the Flashreport.io API to generate reports from your data and devices. The API uses standard HTTP basic authentication and can receive data in JSON or XML. Calls to the API are authenticated with an API Key received after account creation. Send your data to Flashreport.io to create: a cloud based archive of your PDF documents, reports from data received from your connected devices, or reports based on your big data. The app will automatically analyze and format your information for you. The service is subscription and scales based on number of reports and file retention length.
Flite Advertising	Advertising Cloud	Flite is a cloud-based ad platform. The Flite API allows developers to integrate custom Flash content into Flite ads. Using the API developers can parameterize custom flash content, define and track events that are not tracked automatically by Flite, orchestrate how content is rendered in a cloud ad, create expandable ads, and add event triggered code. The API uses ActionScript protocol.
FME Cloud	Enterprise Integration, Cloud	FME Cloud is an application integration service that allows enterprises to connect applications and make information available when, where and how it's needed. FME Cloud offer a simple GUI that allows the configuration of integrations without any developer support and straight-forward tools for data modeling, notifications, automation, scheduling, and more. FME Cloud offers a REST API for programmatic access to FME Cloud services. Use the REST API to pause, start, restart and terminate running instances in order to provision capacity only when it is required. The API accepts and returns JSON and an API key is required.
foneAPI	Telephony Voice, Cloud, VoIP	The service provides cloud-hosted telephony functions such as voice over IP (VoIP). Its functions include a switch that monitors customer phone numbers for incoming calls and initiates calls when directed by customer applications. It also can execute predefined actions in response to calls and trigger events based on phone traffic. API methods support call answer, dial, and hang-up along with multiple actions in response to events generated by phone traffic. Actions include recording calls and playback, redirecting to another number, and joining multiple callers for a conference call. The API also generates logs of call traffic and system activities.
Freelancer	Tasks Automation, Business, Cloud, Crowdsourcing, Machine Learning, Marketplace 	The Freelancer API allows software to send complex tasks to humans, retrieve the results, and pay for the completed work. It provides a way for users to access public information on Freelancer.com programmatically. It can be used to set up a food delivery network, crowdsource the price for a local repair job, plug into a large pool of translators and more. Freelancer enables machines with the ability to tap into the power of the human cloud workforce by sending complex real-world tasks for Freelancer.com's users to solve, retrieving the results, and paying for the work. Freelancer.com is a global freelancing and crowdsourcing marketplace with over 26 million users, that scales to the needs of business owners, by automating their business processes. Ten-time Webby award-winning Freelancer.com is in over 1,000 areas that includes; website development, logo design, marketing, copywriting, astrophysics, aerospace engineering and manufacturing.
Fulfil.IO	Inventory Cloud, eCommerce, Supply Chain  	The Fulfil.IO REST API adds inventory management, catalog management, and reporting capabilities to retail systems. The API features omni-channel order management for order aggregation, inventory and warehouse management, purchase management, drop shipping, point of sale support, and book keeping. Fulfil.IO is a cloud based platform headquartered in California.
Funambol Cloud	Cloud Mobile, Syncing	The Funambol Cloud API (CAPI) makes it easy for developers to create mobile cloud apps and services that use address book and calendar data, as well as pictures, that are stored in a Funambol mobile cloud server. It can also be used to upload and or update all the data on myFunambol. This allows mobile devices and their data to be rapidly integrated into an app or service. Funambol is the leading provider of mobile cloud sync. Its mobile open source platform can be used for many types of mobile applications, including push email, PIM data synchronization and device management. The API uses RESTful protocol and responses are formatted in JSON. API examples are provided for Ajax, Java and PHP.
Furk.net	Storage Streaming, Cloud	Furk.net is a cloud file storage service that fetches media files and allows users to stream them immediately. The Furk.net API provides developer access to files, downloads, feeds, labels, profiles, and more.
Genband A2	Telephony Cloud, Voice 	Genband is a telecommunications and infrastructure service solutions provider. The Genband A2 Converged Applications Server is a leading SIP and IMS Applications platform that gives enterprise and consumer users access to voice and video calling, instant messaging, conferencing and other telephony services. The A2 API lets users integrate IP telephony with their applications. Developers can use the Genband A2 APIs to provide cloud-based/social multimedia services for enterprise and consumer VoIP telephony such as: click to call (voice & video calling), phone/mobile presence, instant messaging, conferencing, incoming/outgoing calls and friends list address book. Genband APIs leverage common SOAP/XML and RESTful interfaces as well as trigger-based SCIM access to SIP messaging. Full documentation is not publicly available.
getClouder Client	Cloud Application Development, Hosting	GetClouder is a cloud hosting platform that offers customers bandwidth to host their Web or App projects. The GetClouder Client API lets developers integrate their applications with its features, providing customers with tools to build automated applications with the GetClouder services. With this API, developers can manage containers with getClouder with minimal limitations. All requests and responses are in JSON format.
Gini	Analytics Cloud, Data Mining, Documents, Extraction, Machine Learning, Semantics, Text	Gini is an information management company that provides users a way to manage their information on the cloud, some of the features include information extraction, storage, backend, search. The Gini API lets developers integrate its services with their applications, allowing their members to utilize Gini's services directly from the applications. All API requests require an authenticated Gini user, developers can authorize against it using OAuth 2.0.
GIS Cloud	Mapping Cloud, Database, Viewer	GIS Cloud is a service that allows users to host, manage, and access their geospatial data in the cloud. GIS Cloud also allows for creation, editing, and publishing of maps from the geospatial data. The GIS Cloud API allows developers to access and integrate the data and functionality of GIS Cloud into other applications. Some example API methods include creating maps, editing maps, deleting maps, creating and listing layers, and listing features.
GleSYS	Backend Cloud	The GleSYS Cloud VPS (Virtual Private Server) is a flexible, scalable, cloud-based server platform. Users are provided with full root access to their servers and can create or delete servers instantly. The Cloud VPS is flexible enough to handle both IPv4 and IPv6 addresses as well as perform server upgrades and downgrades without needing to restart. The cloud server can be accessed programmatically using REST calls in a variety of data formats. The GleSYS website is provided in both English and Swedish.
Gnostice StarDocs	Documents Cloud, Conversions, PDF, Viewer 	The Gnostice StarDocs API allows developers to view and process documents across multiple platforms. Users can merge, split, encrypt, redact, convert, and OCR documents in multiple formats. The service accepts documents in PDF, DOC, DOCX, BMP, GIF, JPEG, PNG, TIFF, or MTIFF format. It can output documents in PDF, BMP, GIF, JPEG, PNG, TIFF, or MTIFF format.
GO!AppZone	Application Development API Design, Backend, Cloud, Mobile, Software-as-a-Service 	The GO!AppZone API is a powerful platform that can help developers rapidly create and deploy engaging and functional cross-platform mobile apps for any audience – employees, partners and customers. With its drag-and-drop, configuration-based approach to development, the need to write code is minimized. Using the GO!AppZone, API allows for building apps that integrate and synchronize with back-end systems, working offline, or accessing underlying device hardware. The GO!AppZone platform can also be easily extended with native code plugins and custom integration connectors. Manage files, create push notifications, work with variables, create forms and more with the API.
GoDaddy Cloud Server	Cloud Domains	The GoDaddy Cloud Server API is an API for developers created by developers. It is currently in Beta status and is to be a simple API with fast provisioning and KVM Virtualization. The goal of this new GoDaddy Cloud Server API is to bring better cloud hosting solutions, with improved speed and scalability for developer projects and applications.
goGeo	Mapping Application Development, Big Data, Cloud, Database, Geography, Intelligence, Localization, Location, Mapping, Platform-as-a-Service, Visualizations	GoGeo offers to developers a high-performance platform capable of processing massive amounts of geo-localized data (aka Geospatial Big Data), that can be integrated into their map applications via an easy-to-use API. The API end-points follow RESTful model and use JSON for data representation, and authenticates using API Key with HTTP Basic Authentication. Developers can also use goGeo Data Store in their free account to explore in their map applications some of our Big Shared Collections and create an app with Big Data in minutes. For example, with 5 lines of code ones could explore in their map application Crimes in the UK, Census Data of the USA and Brazil, 33 million companies ID, last 32 million of Geo Tweets from Twitter worldwide.
GoGrid	Cloud Hosting  	Use the GoGrid API to do everything programmatically that you can do with the UI. GoGrid is a grid hosting platform where you get multi-tier Internet infrastructure on demand using a web control panel. GoGrid users can set up and scale servers from any web browser. GoGrid provides computing power with the same root access and standard OS installs you would expect from a dedicated server. Even as your blog or Web app grows, GoGrid can provide you with services that grow with you.
Google App Engine	Tools Cloud, Webhooks  	Use the Google App Engine platform to run web apps on Google's infrastructure, the same scalable systems that run Google applications. Use the platform to run your apps reliably, even if you have heavy load and data needs. The environment has dynamic web serving, persistent storage with queries, sorting and transactions, automatic scaling and load balancing, APIs for authenticating users and sending email using Google Accounts, and a local testing environment. Google App Engine apps are implemented using the Python programming language, with support for most of the Python standard library. App Engine recently unveiled its second language: Java. This release includes the Java runtime, integration with Google Web Toolkit, and a Google Plugin for Eclipse, giving you an end-to-end Java solution for AJAX web applications.
Google Cloud Bigtable Data	Cloud Big Data, Database-as-a-Service, NoSQL	This RPC API is Google's NoSQL Big Data database service. The Service name bigtable.googleapis.com is needed to create RPC client stubs and includes Marketing data, Financial data, Internet of Things and more. You can store the cluster's data on solid-state drives (SSD) or hard disk drives (HDD). Cloud Bigtable is ideal for storing very large amounts of single-keyed data with very low latency and supports high read and write throughput again at low latency, and it is an ideal data source for MapReduce operations. It powers many core Google services, including Search, Analytics, Maps, and Gmail. It is a sparsely populated table that can scale to billions of rows and thousands of columns, allowing you to store terabytes or even petabytes of data.
Google Cloud Billing	Cloud Billing   	The Google Cloud Billing API allows developers to integrate Google Cloud Billing service into their applications. This API is Rest based. Developers can use the API to retrieve billing account information, list billing accounts, and list or get information about billing projects.
Google Cloud Container Builder	Cloud Applications, Data-as-a-Service 	This Rest API provides a way to build container images in the cloud. It allows you to view and manage your data across Google Cloud Platform services. Google Cloud helps developers build with cloud tools and infrastructure, applications, maps and devices.
Google Cloud Dataproc	Cloud Data	This Rest API allows you access to manage Hadoop-based clusters and jobs on Google Cloud Platform. It is a managed Apache Spark and Apache Hadoop service that lets you take advantage of open source data tools for batch processing, querying, streaming, and machine learning. Google Cloud helps developers build with cloud tools and infrastructure, applications, maps and devices.
Google Cloud Debugger	Cloud Testing 	The Google Cloud Debugger API allows developers to integrate their applications into the Google Stackdriver Debugger backend. The API provides a Debugger interface and a Controller interface. The Debugger allows users to set and delete the breakpoints at which state data is collected as well as read captured data. The Controller let users send state data to the Debugger while their applications are running.
Google Cloud Deployment Manager	Cloud Hosting	The Google Cloud Deployment Manager API allows developers to create, deploy, and manage Google Cloud Platform resources programmatically. The Google Cloud Deployment Manager allows users to create static or dynamic templates describing the configuration of a Google Cloud environment so that the resources can be created as a single deployment. The Deployment Manager supports most of the Google Cloud Platform's services.
Google Cloud DNS	Cloud Database, Domains	Google offers access to a Domain Name System (DNS) management service utilizing Google's global infrastructure of name servers. The Google Cloud DNS API allows developers to store and look up IP addresses, and to offer services and applications without purchasing additional DNS servers and software.
Google Cloud Functions	Cloud  	The Google Cloud Functions API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Google Cloud. Some example API methods include retrieving operations, managing operations, and retrieving and managing projects and their functions. The Google Cloud Functions API has both REST and RPC references and is currently in beta.
Google Cloud Identity and Access Management	Cloud API Management, Authentication, Identity, Platform-as-a-Service	This Rest API manages identity and access control for Google Cloud Platform resources, including the creation of service accounts, which you can use to authenticate to Google and make API calls. It lets administrators authorize who can take action on specific resources, giving you full control and visibility to manage cloud resources centrally. Cloud IAM provides a unified view into security policy across your entire organization and can be used for established enterprises with complex organizational structures, hundreds of workgroups, projects and more. Google Cloud helps developers build with cloud tools and infrastructure, applications, maps and devices.
Google Cloud Jobs	Jobs Cloud, Location, Machine Learning 	The Google Cloud Jobs API allows developers to integrate machine learning based job search functionality with third-party applications. The Cloud Jobs API provides an intuitive job search platform with targeted recommendations which help in discovering new opportunities. Additionally, the Cloud Jobs API features search with synonym and acronym expansion, advanced location mapping, real-time query broadening, and dynamic recommendations. Request access at https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSdLzqWQfrR6OfIE5GIX_sTwDKQ__5l56fwg_0QNYNCoexQ1JQ/viewform
Google Cloud Machine Learning	Cloud Application Development, Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning, Models, Predictions  	The Google Cloud Machine Learning API’s TensorFlow functionality affords developers greater flexibility when using cloud to build apps. Its integration supports manipulation of data, training of machine learning models, and deployment of GCP resources in predictions. The API is currently a beta release that is subject to future changes that might alter its architecture. As such, developers are cautioned against using it for production purposes.
Google Cloud Monitoring	Cloud Monitoring 	Google Cloud Monitoring provides access to metrics and data from the Google Cloud Platform. Developers can access and integrate the functionality of Google Cloud Monitoring with other applications. Some example API methods include retrieving usage data and costs, managing users, and retrieving information on issues.
Google Cloud mySQL	SQL Cloud, Database, Tools	The Google Cloud SQL API provides a REST service for administering instances programmatically. Google Cloud helps developers build with cloud tools and infrastructure, applications, maps and devices.
Google Cloud Natural Language	Cloud Extraction, Machine Learning, Natural Language Processing, Text 	The Cloud Natural Language API uses Google's machine learning to integrate applications with a text analysis system. This API can extract data about places, people , and events, obtain intent from conversations, and perform analysis on specific text uploaded to the servers. The Natural Language API is REST based, uses JSON for requests, and API Keys for authentication. Currently, this API is in beta, and it is free to try.
Google Cloud OS Login	Cloud Accounts, Authorization, Platform-as-a-Service	The Google Cloud OS Login API manages OS login configuration for Google account users. Google Cloud helps developers build with cloud tools and infrastructure, applications, maps and devices.
Google Cloud Print	Office Printing, Cloud	Google Cloud Print is a service that enables any app (web, desktop, or mobile) on any device to print to any printer anywhere in the world. The APIs allow the apps to collect the necessary data to show their own user interface for custom print options or use the common print dialog that Google Cloud Print provides. There are also APIs for querying print job status. The API uses XMPP protocol and responses are formatted in XML, JSON and TXT. Google Cloud Print is not currently available.
Google Cloud Pub/Sub	Cloud Hosting, Messaging  	The Google Cloud Pub/Sub API provides access to asynchronous messaging services that can be one-to-many, many-to-one, or many-to-many. This service can be used to integrate systems hosted on the Google Cloud platform as well as externally. The Pub/Sub API decouples senders and receivers, which enables secure and highly available communications between applications.
Google Cloud Runtime Config	Cloud Data-as-a-Service	This API provides capabilities for configuration and coordination for applications running on Google Cloud Platform. You can also set Watchers and Waiters that will watch for changes to your data and return based on certain conditions. The Runtime Configurator allows you to dynamically configure and expose variables, allowing you to add a variety of services such as storage access, machine-learning-based image analysis to your Cloud Platform applications to name a few. It allows developers to build with cloud tools and infrastructure, applications, maps and devices.
Google Cloud Source Repositories	Cloud Applications, Collaboration, Platform-as-a-Service	The Google Cloud Source Repositories API allows access to multiple private Git repositories hosted on the Google Cloud Platform. It provides Git version control to support collaborative development of any application or service, including those that run on App Engine and Compute Engine. It also provides a source browser that you can use to view your repository files from within the Google Cloud Platform Console. Google Cloud helps developers build with cloud tools and infrastructure, applications, maps and devices.
Google Cloud Source Repositories RPC	Cloud Applications, Collaboration, Platform-as-a-Service	The Cloud Source Repositories RPC API allows access to source code repositories hosted by Google. It provides a way to delete a repo, create a repo in the given project with the given name, get an access control policy for a resource and more. Google Cloud helps developers build with cloud tools and infrastructure, applications, maps and devices.
Google Cloud Speech	Cloud Recognition, Transcription, Voice   	The Cloud Speech API is a speech recognition system that applies powerful neural network models. The Speech API supports 80 languages and can transcribe text, and enable voice commands. This API is REST based, uses JSON for requests, and requires API Keys for authentication. Currently, the Speech API is in beta, and is free to try.
Google Cloud SQL	Database SQL, Cloud 	Google Cloud SQL provides a cloud-based MySQL database that is recommended for small- and medium-sized applications. It offers the same abilities and functions as MySQL along with some additional features. The RESTful Google Cloud SQL API provides methods for working with instances and retrieving information. The API can be used to create, delete, restart, and restore instances as well as import and export databases. Users can also get information on instances and backup runs along with lists of project instances and available tiers of service.
Google Cloud Stackdriver Error Reporting	Cloud Data, Events, Monitoring, Notifications, Reporting 	The Google Cloud Stackdriver platform allows users to log, monitor, trace, report errors, and diagnose operations when running Google Cloud Platform (GCP) or Amazon Web Services (AWS) applications. Developers use the Google Cloud Stackdriver Error Reporting API to identify errors in running cloud applications. The API is currently a beta release that is subject to future changes that might alter its operational architecture. As such, developers are cautioned against using it for production purposes.
Google Cloud Stackdriver Logging	Cloud Analytics, Data, Events, Monitoring 	The Google Cloud Stackdriver platform allows users to log, monitor, trace, report errors, and diagnose operations when deploying the Google Cloud Platform (GCP) or Amazon Web Services (AWS) to run applications. Google Cloud Stackdriver Logging API synchronizes the programmatic storage, search, and analysis of the data and event logs generated by the GCP and AWS applications. The current version of the API is a well-documented full release.
Google Cloud Stackdriver Trace REST	Cloud Analytics, Collecting, Data, Data Mining, Reporting 	The Google Cloud Stackdriver platform allows users to log, monitor, trace, report errors, and diagnose operations when running Google Cloud Platform (GCP) or Amazon Web Services (AWS) applications. The Google Stackdriver Trace REST API finds, collects and analyzes latency data associated with the deployment of the App Engine applications. This API displays latency data in the GCP Console, sends requests in JSON format, and returns responses in JSON format as well. The RESTful Trace resource of the API describes the duration of a single application, while its Spans functionality describes the duration of each sub-operation.
Google Cloud Stackdriver Trace RPC	Cloud Analytics, Collecting, Data, Data Mining, Reporting	The Google Cloud Stackdriver platform allows users to log, monitor, trace, report errors, and diagnose operations when running Google Cloud Platform (GCP) or Amazon Web Services (AWS) applications. The Google Stackdriver Trace RPC API finds, collects and analyzes latency data associated with the deployment of the App Engine applications. This API displays latency data in the GCP console and sends gRPC-formatted requests and responses. It uses the Trace message functionality to describe the duration of a single application and the Spans functionality to describe the duration of each sub-operation.
Google Cloud Storage	Cloud Storage	The Google Cloud Storage API enables users to access and manipulate their Google Cloud Storage projects programmatically. Google Cloud Storage is a service for developers that allows them to store and retrieve any amount of data at any time. It lets them use Google's networking infrastructure to perform data operations securely and at a low cost. This infrastructure is also highly scalable, capable of supporting expansion.
Google Cloud Storage JSON	Cloud Storage	The Google Cloud Storage JSON API is an interface for accessing and manipulating Google Cloud Storage projects in a programmatic way. It is used with applications that consume web services through HTTP requests. Google Cloud helps developers build with cloud tools and infrastructure, applications, maps and devices.
Google Cloud Storage XML	Cloud Storage	The Google Cloud Storage XML API is a Unified Object Storage. This RESTful interface allows you to manage Cloud Storage data in a programmatic way. It provides a web interface for making HTTP requests and handling HTTP responses. Google Cloud helps developers build with cloud tools and infrastructure, applications, maps and devices.
Google Cloud User Account	Data-as-a-Service Cloud, Machine Learning	This API creates and manages users and groups for accessing Google Compute Engine virtual machines. The Google Cloud Platform allows you to add a variety of services such as storage access, machine-learning-based image analysis to your Cloud Platform applications to name a few. It allows developers to build with cloud tools and infrastructure, applications, maps and devices.
Google Cloud Video Intelligence	Video Cloud, Intelligence, Machine Learning, Recognition   	Google Cloud Video Intelligence makes videos searchable, and discoverable, by extracting metadata with an easy to use REST API. You can now search every moment of every video file in your catalog. It quickly annotates videos stored in Google Cloud Storage, and helps you identify key entities (nouns) within your video; and when they occur within the video. Separate signal from noise, by retrieving relevant information within the entire video, shot-by-shot, -or per frame. Accuracy is improved over time as new concepts are introduced. Any Google Cloud Platform (GCP) user can use Cloud Video Intelligence API. The API can also separate signals from noise in order to obtain only relevant information from a video, and detect scene changes. You can select the region where processing will take place, choosing from any region where Google Cloud Platform is available. You can also store your videos Google Cloud Storage, which features a consistent API, low-latency, and speed across multiple storage classes. The Google Cloud Video Intelligence API is currently in public beta. With the beta release, pornographic content detection has been introduced to the API, to detect inappropriate content within a video. Model changes have been made to Label Detection in order to improve model accuracy with the public beta release. Please see the API's Home Page for pricing, or contact Google Cloud Platform for additional quota and pricing information.
Google Cloud Video Intelligence gRPC	Video Cloud, Intelligence, Machine Learning, Recognition 	The Google Cloud Video Intelligence gRPC API makes videos searchable, and discoverable, by extracting metadata with an easy to use REST API. You can now search every moment of every video file in your catalog. It quickly annotates videos stored in Google Cloud Storage, and helps you identify key entities (nouns) within your video; and when they occur within the video. Separate signal from noise, by retrieving relevant information within the entire video, shot-by-shot, -or per frame. Accuracy is improved over time as new concepts are introduced. Any Google Cloud Platform (GCP) user can use Cloud Video Intelligence API. The API can also separate signals from noise in order to obtain only relevant information from a video, and detect scene changes. You can select the region where processing will take place, choosing from any region where Google Cloud Platform is available. You can also store your videos Google Cloud Storage, which features a consistent API, low-latency, and speed across multiple storage classes. The Google Cloud Video Intelligence API is currently in public beta. With the beta release, pornographic content detection has been introduced to the API, to detect inappropriate content within a video. Model changes have been made to Label Detection in order to improve model accuracy with the public beta release. Please see the API's Home Page for pricing, or contact Google Cloud Platform for additional quota and pricing information.
Google Drive	Storage Cloud  	Google Drive is a cloud based storage platform that lets users access their data, including files of any format, from any device or application that connects to the internet. The Google Drive SDK includes an HTTP API that lets developers integrate the files stored in a user's Drvie with their own third party applications. This gives users the ability to use multiple cloud apps to interact with their files that are stored in a single location in the cloud.
Google Firebase Cloud Messaging	Messaging Cloud, Notifications 	The Google Firebase Cloud Messaging (FCM) API functions as a cross-platform messaging portal for channeling client notifications. It uses a cloud-based architecture to support the conveyance of messages that notify clients about the availability of new data such as emails. This makes it a suitable tool for driving marketing campaigns, audience engagement, or customer retention programs. To be able to implement an FCM, a developer must have an app server capable of interacting with the FCM through either HTTP or XMPP protocol.
Google Firebase Database	Database-as-a-Service Cloud, Database, Linked Data, Real Time, Storage	Google’s Firebase Realtime Database is a cloud-based data storage solution. This database stores data in JSON and conveys real time data to connected clients. The Google Firebase Realtime Database API allows developers to deploy Google’s Android, iOS, and JavaScript SDKs in the construction of apps that support shared access by clients to a particular Realtime Database occurrence. The RESTful API requires token authentication, sends HTTP-formatted requests, and returns JSON-formatted responses. The appendage of .json at the end of the API’s URL or endpoint is sufficient to send a request to the HTTPS client.
Google Genomics	Genetics Cloud, Storage	The Google Genomics API allows developers to store, process, explore, and share DNA information using Google's cloud infrastructure. The API is designed to handle DNA sequence reads, reference-based alignments, and variant calls. Google Genomics implements the API defined by the Global Alliance for Genomics and Health and can be accessed by compliant software.
Google Kubernetes	Application Development Cloud, Developers, Webhooks  	Kubernetes is a container cluster manager made by Google that is optimized for Google Cloud Platform and is open source and free to implement. Across predetermined node instances, Kubernetes is able to schedule container replicas. A master instance will call the Kubernetes API in order to define tasks. Developers can customize the number and type of containers to be created according to the circumstance. Developers can begin to implement Kubernetes by visiting the GitHub repository.
Google Mirror	Cloud Wearable 	The Google Mirror API allows you to build web-based services that interact with Google Glass. It provides this functionality over a cloud-based API and does not require running code on Glass.
Google Play In-app Billing	eCommerce Payments, Cloud, Transactions	The Google Play In-app Billing API for Android allows for online or app-based sales of digital content or digital subscriptions using Google Play and Google Wallet. Currently suppported only for apps on Google Play.
Google Storage Transfer	Cloud Storage 	This Rest API allows you to transfer data from external data sources to a Google Cloud Storage bucket or between Google Cloud Storage buckets. It is available for use in XML or JSON format and returns Google Service Account, Transfer Jobs, Transfer Operations and more. Google Cloud helps developers build with cloud tools and infrastructure, applications, maps and devices.
Google Wallet Instant Buy	Payments Cloud, Payments, Transactions	Google Wallet Instant Buy allows merchants to store and access customer payment data in the cloud. Both the Instant Buy for Android and Instant Buy for web versions offer in-app or online payments, access to Google single sign-on, and streamlines user experience by keeping data entry to a minimum. The APIs work with the merchants' current payment systems, and are available for use by end users in the U.S. who already have Google Wallet accounts. Interested developers or merchants should contact Google at http://getinstantbuy.withgoogle.com/.
Google Weave	Internet of Things Application Development, Cloud 	Google Weave is a communications platform designed for IoT devices that supports phone-to-device-to-cloud communication, and user interaction from web applications and mobile. Weave features Android automatic application installations, and cloud support through mobile and desktop. Additionally, Weave offers Brillo support for building integrated and interoperable communications, and built-in easy-to-use sharing capabilities. Weave and Brillo require a program application per developer.
Grafeas	DevOps Cloud, Metadata, Open Source   	Grafeas is an open artifact metadata Google API to audit and govern a users software supply chain. It allows users to store, query, and retrieve critical metadata about all of your software artifacts, add new metadata types and providers, query all metadata across all of your components in real time, control read/write access to critical metadata and more. Google Cloud provides developers with a way to build visionary cloud tools and infrastructure, applications, maps and devices.
GreenButton Cloud	Enterprise Cloud, Hosting	GreenButton is a New Zealand based company that helps software vendors transition applications to the cloud. With their platform, developers can scale our their compute-intensive applications to the cloud. The Cloud API lets developers control the way their workloads are processed in the cloud including how workloads should be split across nodes and how to process different subtasks.
GreenButton Incus	Search Cloud, Hosting, Enterprise	GreenButton is a New Zealand based company that helps software vendors transition applications to the cloud. With their platform, developers can scale our their compute-intensive applications to the cloud. The InCus Search API is a new search optimization solution, providing a way for customers to access the media indexing service. It enables optimized searching of content from a variety of sources - meeting content, conference calls, presentations, online lectures, voice mails, internet videos. For example, users can index audio from digitized content archives, creating optimized search and discovery.
GreenButton Management	Enterprise Cloud, Hosting 	GreenButton is a New Zealand based company that helps software vendors transition applications to the cloud. With their platform, developers can scale our their compute-intensive applications to the cloud. The Management API allows developers to integrate GreenButton into their applications. It offers features such as looking up job status, getting job logs, uploading files and more. It uses RESTful calls and responses are formatted in XML and JSON.
GREENCLOUDS	Cloud	GREENCLOUDS provides an IaaS (Infrastructure as a Service) that uses excess space in large companies' datacenters. It aggregates this space into one big cloud and redistributes it to users through local sellers. The GREENCLOUDS API allows GREENCLOUDS customers to manage and monitor the life cycles of their virtual machines using either SOAP or REST calls.
Gridspot	Tools Cloud, Project Management  	Gridspot can link up idle computers (instances) across the world to provide large scale efforts with the computing power they require at affordable prices (0.1-0.3 cents/CPU hour). These Linux instances run Ubuntu inside a virtual machine. You are able to bid on access to these instances and specify the requirements of your tasks or jobs. When your bid is fulfilled, you can start running the instances using SSH anywhere you'd like. There are grant options available to defray costs for researchers and non-profits. The Gridspot API allows you to manage instances and identify new ones. You can list available instances, access them, and stop the instances if you so choose. Each API call requires an API key that can be generated from your account page
Halfpenny Technologies	Healthcare Cloud, Data-as-a-Service 	Halfpenny Technologies is a provider of healthcare interoperability solutions that enables data exchanges between healthcare providers. They offer cloud-based solutions that provide clinicians, labs, hospitals, pharmacies, ACOs, health plans, and HIEs with a vendor-neutral infrastructure that supports care coordination, care management, regulatory requirements and data analysis within and between healthcare organizations. Public API documentation is not available; interested developers should contact support@halfpenny.com for API information.
Halosys	Backend-as-a-Service Application Development, Cloud, Integration, Mobile 	Halosys provides a single Unified Enterprise Mobile Enablement platform that enables businesses to build, secure, manage and deploy an enterprise wide mobile applications portfolio. API access and documentation are only available with permission from the provider. Because this is an indirect API, the only way to interact with it is through the SDK, check the SDK tab below for details.
Handpoint	Payments Cloud, Sales 	The Handpoint API is a payment platform that can be used to implement sales transactions by integrating a proprietary payment terminal and a third-party application. Handpoint offers a highly secure point of sale infrastructure, and a PCI-DSS certified global payment gateway which handles online and offline PIN verification and both authorization and capture in a single message. Requests must be encoded in JSON format.
HappyFox	Cloud Customer Relationship Management, Customer Service, Tickets, Support 	HappyFox is a web based customer support ticketing system hosted on the cloud. HappyFox helps you to track and manage customer support requests across multiple channels like email, chats and social media in a centralized ticket support system. The HappyFox API supports operations like creating a ticket, adding updates to a ticket, listing tickets and users of the Helpdesk. The API Uses REST calls and returns JSON or XML. An account is required with service.
Hedvig	Storage Cloud	The Hedvig REST API allows developers to access the functionality of the Hedvig Distributed Storage Platform for integration with other applications and services. The API is compatible with Swift and Amazon S3. API documentation is available by request. Hedvig is a software-defined storage service for cloud providers and businesses.
Heroic Labs	Games Application Development, Cloud, Developers, Social 	Heroic Labs (formerly GameUp) is AWS for game developers. The API makes it easy for developers to rapidly add multiplayer, social, and competitive features into games without the need for a server backend. The goal is to enable game studios to build beautiful social and multiplayer games which work at massive scale. Heroic Labs is a Y Combinator company.
Heroku	Cloud Application Development, Hosting   	Heroku API is used for manually manipulating Heroku apps. Heroku is a cloud application platform for Ruby giving developers a new way of building and deploying web apps. The service lets app developers spend 100% of their time on their application code, not managing servers, deployment, ongoing operations, or scaling. The RESTful API lets users manage and deploy Rails apps to the Heroku platform. Responses are formatted in XML.
Heroku Provider	Cloud	Heroku, a platform to host Rails applications, provides an API for Cloud Service Providers. The REST API lets providers create add-ons that elegantly handle provisioning between Heroku and the cloud services, making technical integration easy.
HEXONET	Cloud Domains, Domains	HEXONET is a domain name registration service that offers a wide variety of domains at wholesale prices. They sell to both customers and resellers. HEXONET provides a set of APIs for their larger resellers and partner companies. These APIs allows developers to integrate functions for handling domain registration, DNS management, domain alerts, account management, account billing, and other important tasks into their systems or applications.
HeyWatch HTTP Live Streaming	Video Encoding, Cloud, Streaming	HeyWatch is a video encoding service that provides encoding software and APIs that allow users to convert files in the cloud. The HTTP Live Streaming API allows users to encode files using the HTTP streaming protocol implemented by Apple for use with its devices. The HTTP Live Streaming API is supplemented with the Robot API which facilitates API calls that can be performed in a successive order based on chronology. The service uses REST calls and returns JSON.
HeyWatch Receiving Pings	Encoding Cloud, Streaming, URLs, Video, Webhooks	HeyWatch is a Cloud video encoding service, built for developers, it enables the process of converting videos from a given input into a digital format, which then can be streamed on the web and mobile devices. The HeyWatch Receiving Pings API lets developers to integrate the HeyWatch service with their applications, developers will then be able to retrieve the media URLs and errors from the webhook sent to their applications.
HiDrive	Storage Cloud, Documents, File Sharing, Photos	HiDrive is a cloud storage service. Their developer API offers a RESTful method of interfacing with platform. Using the API, developers are able to upload files for storage, read and write files, perform file compression, create picture thumbnails, as well as other functions. The API is free to incorporate into 3rd party applications or web-apps, and uses OAuth 2 for authentication.
Hojoki	Tools Cloud, Feeds, Applications	Hojoki is an application that allows multiple cloud applications, such as Google Reader, Highrise, and Basecamp, act as one with one newsfeed for all integrated and synced applications. The Hojoki API allows developers to access the functionality of Hojoki with other applications and to create new applications. Public documentation is not available; interested developers should email adam@hojoki.com for more information on API access.
Hologram Dash	Internet of Things Cloud, Hardware, IDE, Networking 	Hologram is a provider of connectivity solutions for Internet of Things (IoT) devices. The company’s infrastructure consists of the cloud services interface for device data and lifecycle management, the IoT SIM Card for facilitating global cellular network accessibility, and the Hologram Dash pre-certified board for implementing cellular connectivity of devices. The Hologram Dash API supports the integration of Hologram’s cellular connectivity capabilities in IoT apps.
Hologram Socket	Internet of Things Cloud, Messaging 	Hologram is a provider of connectivity solutions for Internet of Things (IoT) devices. The company’s infrastructure consists of the cloud services interface for device data and lifecycle management and the IoT SIM Card for facilitating global cellular network accessibility among others. The Hologram Socket API allows developers to enable communication between embedded devices and the Hologram cloud. Its integration allows users to send SMS and other messages to the Hologram cloud.
Hoptoad	Tools Cloud	Hoptoad collects errors generated by other applications, and aggregates the results for developer review. The Hoptoad API allows users to access lists of errors via RESTful calls. Calls are provided for the most recent errors as well as specific errors. The API returns calls in XML format.
Hosting.com VMware vCloud Express	Hosting Cloud 	As an HMS customer, the vCloud Express REST API allows you to browse your virtual infrastructure. Hosting.com provides enterprise colocation, cloud computing, dedicated hosting, managed hosting, disaster recovery, and business continuance services to a global customer base. The API uses RESTful calls and responses are formatted in XML.
Hostway FlexCloud	Cloud Hosting	Hostway is an internet hosting company specializing in cloud hosting solutions. Their FlexCloud Servers are an on demand cloud solutions that combines features of public clouds and enterprise grade environments. The FlexCloud API lets users access, manage and resell their cloud at any computer with internet access. Users can also remotely perform operations such as soft and hard reboots, look up resources such as RAM, disk size and number of CPU and more. The API uses RESTful calls and responses are formatted in JSON.
HP Cloud Block Storage	Storage Cloud	This API lets users store data from their HP Cloud Compute instances for as long as needed. The HP Cloud Block Storage is ideal for applications requiring frequent read/write access such as web applications. Users have access to durable, high-performance storage volumes that persist until they are deleted giving users control over how long to keep their data.
HP Cloud CDN	Storage Cloud	The HP Cloud Services CDN API lets users deliver static data from HP Cloud Object Storage to users around the world. The data is cached and distributed across HP and Akamai global networks for low latency and fast transfer. WIth the API users can add the CDN service to their existing Object Storage containers.
HP Cloud Compute	Cloud Virtualization	HP Cloud Compute allows users to deploy scalable virtual servers on demand. Users can customize and launch open source-based virtual servers in minutes for rapid time to code, and quickly scale capacity based on their needs.
HP Cloud DNS	Domains Cloud	The HP Public Cloud is an enterprise-quality public cloud that offers a variety of public services, including a Domain Name Service (DNS). The HP Cloud DNS allows users to manage their DNS zones and records in an efficient and secure manner. The service uses Anycast routing to improve its reliability, speed, and uptime. HP Cloud DNS comes with a set of APIs that allow users to display, create, modify, and delete DNS records programmatically via REST calls.
HP Cloud Identity Service	Security Authentication, Authorization, Cloud	The HP Cloud Identity Service, lets users access all of their HP Cloud Services in a seamless manner. HP Cloud Identify Service provides a single method for managing user identities and for authenticating each userâ€™s access to resources across all HP Cloud Services. Users are freed from having to manage different credentials for each service and authenticating access to resources via unique endpoints. Through HP Cloud Identity Service, users have a consistent, foundational set of capabilities for identity management and authentication.
Hyperglance	Cloud Compliance, Management, Monitoring, Security, Visualizations 	The Hyperglance API allows developers to integrate their resource and application data into the Hyperglance platform. Hyperglance is a service for monitoring, analyzing, and managing IT resources. It provides an interactive 3D topology view of both public and private cloud infrastructure. This gives users an accurate and current look at cloud topology for security compliance and audits.
Iceberg Marketplace	eCommerce Cloud, Marketplace	Iceberg Marketplace is a white label, cloud-based retail platform that can be integrated into the user's CMS or ecommerce platform via API. Iceberg comes with modules for handling payment gateway configuration, order flow, inventory management, financial transaction management, etc. Iceberg Marketplace offers connectors for Magento, Prestashop, Shopify, XML, and CSV.
Iframely	Applications Cloud	Iframely allows users to embed the contents of a URL in their own app or web page. It can be used to embed articles, slideshows, media players, and more. Iframely is available through the cloud or as an open-source service that the user hosts. Users can embed Iframely in their websites or apps using the HTTP API.
ilandcloud	Cloud Data 	Configure multiple Virtual Machines located across several data centers. Protect data while managing your disaster recovery options via access to iland’s console and cloud infrastructure using this REST API. Simplify your data footprint while monitoring resources. iland provides enterprise cloud hosting and other services.
Informatica Cloud	Enterprise Data, Social, Cloud  	Informatica is a provider of data integration software and services. Informatica Cloud addresses specific business processes (customer/product master synchronization, opportunity to order, etc.) and point-to-point data integration requirements (e.g. Salesforce.com to on premise or cloud-to-cloud end-points). Informatica Cloud allows users to integrate data across cloud-based applications such as Salesforce CRM as well as on-premise databases and applications. In addition to data integration it can handle business processes such as customer/product master synchronization, opportunity to order, and more. Key capabilities include data quality, data replication and data loading. The API allows for custom integrations with the platform. Public documentation is not available.
Infraprint	Office Printing, Shipping, Cloud, Mail 	Infraprint is a cloud printing and mailing service allowing users to upload files to be printed and mailed. Applications include automating bills and invoices, sending thank you notes and welcome letters, direct mail marketing, and on-demand printing. Infraprint is accessible via a REST API. Third party applications simply send Infraprint an object and an address over HTTP POST. The API supports options such as specification of print settings and delivery options.
Instart Logic	Content Management Applications, Cloud 	The Instart Logic API allows developers to access Instart Logic's cloud application delivery services programmatically. Users can do anything with the API that they can do through the customer portal web interface, and then some. Instart Logic was designed to deliver mobile cloud applications faster than a CDN (Content Delivery Network).
Insured Rating	Financial Ratings, Insurance, Cloud	The service enables users to develop a well-documented rate plan reflecting risk levels posed by prospective customers. Quote requests can then be made via the Insured Rating API which return coverage and premium information. The data generated helps to manage insurance product offerings and provide accurate rate quotes matched to determinants of risk. API methods support input of prospective customer data and return risk ratings compliant with the industry ACORD standard. Methods can be adapted to an applications existing XML schema if needed. Users can utilize Insured Rating's SOAP or REST endpoints.
InsynQ	Backend Cloud, Applications, Hosting, Enterprise	InsynQ provides businesses with cloud-based hosting for their apps. It was one of the first cloud computing companies formed and currently hosts more than 300 applications. One of InsynQ's services is SSIT (Self Serve IT), which manages account information about users, applications, billing, and subscriptions. SSIT is remotely accessible via API, but the details on this API are not currently public.
Integrify	Automation Cloud	Integrify is a provider of Cloud-based workflow automation software. The software offers process definition, workflow automation and visibility for areas such as Information Technology, Human Resources, Finance, Sales, Marketing and other types of services. The API allows developers to integrate Integrify into their own existing systems allowing for customized processes, forms and workflows. The API is available as both REST and JavaScript.
Iron.io IronCache	Storage Database, Cloud	IronCache is an elastic cache and key/value data storage system. It was designed to share states, pass data, and coordinate activity between processes and devices. IronCache provides persistent, backed up, long-term storage along with flexible TTL (Time-to-Live), meaning that items can be set to expire at specific times or persist permanently in the cache. IronCache offers an HTTP (REST) interface through which users can connect to IronCache endpoints for storing and retrieving data items. This interface uses secure authentication protocols and provides a simple method for including IronCache's functions within a web app. IronCache works seamlessly with IronWorker and IronMQ, because it uses the same authentication protocols, dashboard, and backplane.
Iron.io IronMQ	Messaging Cloud, Tools	Iron.io IronMQ is a cloud-hosted messaging system. IronMQ offers messaging features such as creating message queues, managing the number of messages that can go through applications, and integrating with other applications. The IronMQ API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of IronMQ into other applications. Some example API methods include monitoring message queues, managing messages, and managing account information.
IronWifi	Security Accounting, Authentication, Authorization, Cloud, Wi-Fi	IronWifi provides network authentication service via hosted RADIUS servers, that can be deployed within minutes. The API provides authentication for users, visitors or mobile devices, before allowing access to network resources. It also allows for requirements to have access to resources such as maximum allowed data to download or bandwidth that the client may consume.
itDuzzit	Cloud Mashups, Business	itDuzzit is a cloud integration platform that exchanges data between cloud various applications. itDuzzit can connect applications with other applications to connect data from each so manual entry is not required. The itDuzzit API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of itDuzzit tools with other applications. Some example API methods include retrieving contact information, managing accounts, running connections between applications, and retrieving reports.
John Deere MyJohnDeere	File Sharing Accounts, Agriculture, Cloud, Profiles, Upload 	The John Deere MyJohnDeere API allows developers to securely exchange files with John Deere customers who have given digital approval. The API includes methods for uploading and downloading files to and from the MyJohnDeere cloud, transferring files from the MyJohnDeere cloud to JDLink-enabled John Deere machines, and securely sharing files between MyJohnDeere organizations.
Joyent Manta Storage Service	Cloud Database-as-a-Service, Infrastructure-as-a-Service	Joyent API enables developers to access and modified their store data in the cloud. Joyent is an infrastrure Service that lets users store, access, and process their data in the cloud.
Joyent Node	Cloud  	Joyent is a cloud computing software and services company. The Joyent Node API provides developers with a server-side JavaScript using Joyent's hosted Node.js service. The API allows users to manage cloud servers programatically. The API uses RESTful protocol and responses are formatted in JSON.
JSLogger	Tools Cloud	JSLogger is a service that monitors websites for errors in the execution of their JavaScript code. It also tracks visitors' behavior on the websites. All of this information is stored by JSLogger in the cloud, so that users can analyze it at their leisure. JSLogger also provides functions for creating graphs and charts to help analyze the data. Users can keep separate logs for each of their projects and receive daily email updates on each one. The JSLogger API currently allows users to query their data in the cloud and build applications on top of it. This API uses REST calls issued in JSON format.
JumpCloud	Cloud Accessibility, Authorization, Directories, Management 	The JumpCloud API returns directory data in JSON format once authenticating via Keys. With the API, developers can access users' directories from Office 365, LDAP,G-Suite, and Active Directory, featuring commands, policies, applications, systems, groups, and radius servers. Jumpcloud provides Directory-as-a-service solutions for IT admins to securely connect and manage users with the applications, devices, file servers, and networks users need to access.
JumpCloud Events	Cloud Accessibility, Authorization, Directories, Management 	The JumpCloud Events API allows admins to access events' data including JumpCloud account addition, deletions, and modifications. It aims to be useful for compliance and auditing needs. Jumpcloud provides Directory-as-a-service solutions for IT admins to securely connect and manage users with the applications, devices, file servers, and networks users need to access.
Juniper Configurations Management	Cloud Networking	Juniper Networks is a manufacturer of networking equipment, specializing in delivering products and services related to creating and maintaining networks. The Configuration Management Service lets users to view change requests and to deploy them to devices. The API allows developers to create, modify, and get all the change requests presented in the system.
Kaavo Web Services	Cloud Management	Kaavo Web services allows users to programmatically interact with IMOD. Kaavo provides solutions for managing distributed applications and workloads in the clouds. Kaavo’s core product, Infrastructure and Middleware On Demand (IMOD), makes it easier for individuals and businesses to leverage on-demand infrastructure and run secure and scalable web services and applications in the cloud. With the API, users can programmatically deploy and manage SaaS, PaaS, and Custom applications on Public, Private, and Hybrid IaaS layers; e.g. Amazon EC2, Rackspace Cloud, IBM Cloud, vCloud, Eucalyptus, alt. The API uses SOAP protocol and responses are formatted in XML.
Kadoo	Video Cloud	Kadoo Backstage’s cloud-specific, open source APIs give developers the ability to create web and mobile apps and services. The APIs create cross-cloud compatibility by speaking to all services. Kadoo is a cloud-based video hosting service that gives users access to all applications and web services from any device. Developers can use the APIs to give apps, mobile, and web services access to Kadoo's file, user, and billing clouds. The API uses RESTful protocol.
Kagilum iceScrum Cloud	Project Management Cloud, Application Development	Kagilum is the primary sponsor for iceScrum, an open source development platform built to support agile practices and the Scrum development framework. The Kagilum iceScrum Cloud API is a RESTful service providing developer access to each of the iceScrum elements. JSON and XML formats are supported.
Kaltura	Video Accessibility, Actors, Analytics, Annotations, API, Applications, Audio, B2B, Backend, Big Data, Cloud, Collaboration, Community, Content, Content Management, Data, Developers, Education, Encoding, Engagement, Enterprise, Entertainment, Events, Government, Healthcare, Hosting, HTML5, Images, Integration, Israeli, Learning Management Systems, Management, Marketplace, Mashups, Media, Metadata, Monetization, Movies, Music, Open Source, Platform-as-a-Service, Presentations, Publishing, Recommendations, Rentals, REST, SDK, Search, Security, SEO, Software-as-a-Service, Standards, Statistics, Storage, Streaming, Subscriptions, Subtitles, Tagging, Tools, Training, Transcoding, Transcription, TV, Upload, URL Shortener, Video, Webcams, WebRTC 	Kaltura is an open source online platform for video publishing, management, syndication, and monetization. The associated APIs allow users to access every core service of the platform for customization and integration into a known CMS or custom, in-house application.
Kandy	Cloud Analytics, Browsers, Mobile, Video, Voice, WebRTC	Kandy offers cloud services in real time for voice, video, co-browsing, SMS, WebRTC, mobile, analytics, and conferences. The API is about cloud services for businesses. In the site, developers can find request format, response format, and response codes. Authentication and security are also available to facilitate integration.
Keepit	Data Automation, Backup, Cloud, Media 	Keepit is a backup and cloud service based in Denmark which helps in maintaining a collection of digital media across devices. This service features version control, collaboration, and automated synchronization. For businesses, it offers audit support, backup statistics, and overviews of interrupted backups. The Keepit API uses OAuth for authentication.
Keynote	Enterprise Monitoring, Performance, Cloud	Keynote is a provider of Internet and mobile cloud testing and monitoring. Companies use Keynote to know how their web sites, content, and applications perform across browsers, networks, and mobile devices. The Keynote API lets developers integrate and automate Keynote with other systems and services. Users can use the API to access Keynote measurement data and account information programmatically. With this data, developers can build their own dashboards, create custom reports and more. The API uses RESTful calls and responses are formatted in XML and JSON.
Kii Cloud	Backend Cloud, Mobile, Backend-as-a-Service, Applications   	Kii Cloud is a cloud-hosted backend solution provider for mobile applications. Features of Kii Cloud include user management, application monetization, and analytics and reporting tools. The Kii Cloud API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Kii Cloud with other applications and to create new applications. Some example API methods include managing user accounts, managing data and media, and requesting ads.
Kloudless	Storage Cloud, Social	The Kloudless API allows developers to code once and integrate many cloud storage services into their apps. Developers can connect applications to multiple cloud storage services like Dropbox, Box, etc. Kloudless provides a customizable UI toolkit to integrate cloud storage features into applications on both web and mobile.
Kloudless Management	Storage Cloud, Social 	Kloudless is a California based digital storage company. The Kloudless platform connects several cloud services, and supports advanced features such as collaborations, and event notifications. The Management API is used to access a Kloudless developer account. This REST API requires API keys per application, supports webhooks, and returns data in JSON format.
Kloudless Universal CRM Cloud	Customer Relationship Management Cloud, Developers, Marketing, Sales, Storage  	The Kloudless Universal CRM REST API allows developers to access and integrate the CRM functionalities of Kloudless with other applications and create new applications. Some example API methods include creating, retrieving, and managing CRMs, creating and managing contacts, and managing leads and opportunities. Kloudless provides a customizable toolkit to integrate cloud storage, CRM, file sharing, and other features into applications on both web and mobile.
Kloudless Universal CRM On-Premises	Customer Relationship Management Cloud, Developers, Enterprise, File Sharing, Sales, Storage  	The Kloudless Universal CRM On-Premises REST API is the enterprise version of the Kloudless Universal CRM REST API. Kloudless clients that choose enterprise service from Kloudless are able to access and integrate this API. The API allows developers to access and integrate the CRM functionalities of Kloudless with other applications and create new applications. Some example API methods include creating, retrieving, and managing CRMs, creating and managing contacts, and managing leads and opportunities. Kloudless provides a customizable toolkit to integrate cloud storage, CRM, file sharing, and other features into applications on both web and mobile.
Kloudless Universal File Storage Cloud	Storage Cloud, File Sharing  	The Kloudless Universal File Storage REST API allows developers to access and integrate the file storage functionalities of Kloudless with other applications and create new applications. Some example API methods include creating, retrieving, and managing files, creating and managing permissions, and managing file folders and lists. Kloudless provides a customizable toolkit to integrate cloud storage, CRM, file sharing, and other features into applications on both web and mobile.
Kloudless Universal File Storage On-Premises	Storage Cloud, Enterprise, File Sharing  	The Kloudless Universal File Storage On-Premises REST API is the enterprise version of the Kloudless Universal CRM REST API. Kloudless clients that choose enterprise service from Kloudless are able to access and integrate this API. The API allows developers to access and integrate the file storage functionalities of Kloudless with other applications and create new applications. Some example API methods include creating, retrieving, and managing files, creating and managing permissions, and managing file folders and lists. Kloudless provides a customizable toolkit to integrate cloud storage, CRM, file sharing, and other features into applications on both web and mobile.
Kobiton	Cloud Applications, Mobile, Testing 	The Kobiton mobile cloud platform supports the performance of manual or automated testing on physical iOS and Android devices. Use the Kobiton API to build a hybrid cloud that provides seamless access to both local and public cloud platforms. The API conveys JSON-formatted requests and responses.
Konekt	Internet of Things Cloud, Machine-to-Machine, Messaging	Konekt provides a REST API and a low-level TCP/IP socket service API that allow developers to provide cellular connectivity for devices. The REST API offers device management, SMS, and cloud features. The TCP/IP socket service API allows devices to interact with the Konekt platform and provides access to outgoing SMS and cloud features.
KooKoo	Telephony Cloud, Indian  	KooKoo acts as an interface between your applications and telephony applications, allowing users to setup an extra delivery channel for their web applications. It can perform telephony applications like placing a call, receiving calls, send sms,gathering user input etc. It acts as another web page in an application which is accessible from the phone rather than the browser. With KooKoo users can build telecom applications, IVRs (Interactive Voice Response), office PBX and outbound campaigns. The API lets users take advantage of their existing web development skills to build telephony apps. The API uses RESTful protocol and responses are formatted in XML.
Kosmos eSync Connect	Integration Accounting, Cloud, eCommerce, ERP, Internet of Things 	The Kosmos eSync Connect API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Kosmos with other applications. Public documentation is not available; API access comes with account service. Kosmos eSync Connect is a cloud to cloud integration platform.
KT Ucloud	Cloud Korean	KT is South Korea's leading telecom company and among their products is the ucloud public cloud service. The KT ucloud is a public cloud service serving the Asia-Pacific region. It delivers resources including infrastructre, platform and software for on demand elastic computing. The RESTful API can be used for managing user creation and storage information as well as creation and management of file boxes.
KuroBase	Database Data, Cloud	KuroBase is a cloud-based Database as a Service (DbaaS) that can be set up quickly and scales easily from shared to dedicated instances. KuroBase monitors database capacity and software status continuously, allocating, patching, and updating instances without causing any downtime or compromising end user experience. Users can schedule automatic database backups at any frequency they wish. KuroBase's web standard interface allows users to develop and deploy their databases across multiple platforms without having to recode or use a client SDK. Developers can access their database records using the RESTful KuroBase API.
Kwilt Photo Stream	Photos Cloud, Images, Organization, Social 	Kwilt is a cross platform API that aggregates photos from 15 of the most popular photo sources from social media, cloud storage, and mobile gallery. It is available via HTTP, JSON, REST, and XML formats with Key, OAuth2, ID, and token. Visit the Kwilt developers resource at https://developer.kwilt.it/
Kynetx	Real Time Cloud, Webhooks  	Kynetx is an event-driven application platform that helps you build context-aware apps in the cloud. Kynetx apps look for events and user context (like geo-location, session behavior, weather and more) and fire actions based on conditions across any URL.
Lemonwhale	Video Cloud 	Lemonwhale is a cloud video service delivering on-demand and live video experiences. The Lemonwhale API is divided into two parts with separate endpoints: a public call used for common requests in public places, and a private call used in private places which require login.
littleBits Cloud	Internet of Things Cloud, Education  	The littleBits Cloud API allows developers to connect their littleBits devices to the internet. LittleBits sells sets of tiny electrical modules that users can snap together to easily create and prototype electronic devices. These modules can be used by educators to teach students about electrical systems or by DIYers for prototyping their ideas.
LiveConnect	Calendars Email, Cloud 	LiveConnect lets developers build apps and web sites that can connect with Hotmail, SkyDrive and Windows Live Messenger. The API can work with Hotmail to allow users to access, create and update contacts and calendars. Users can access and work with any media stored in SkyDrive and they can connect with Messenger to enable real-time chat. The API uses RESTful calls and responses are formatted in JSON.
Livedrive	File Sharing Cloud, Storage, Backup	Livedrive is a cloud storage and backup service. Livedrive allows users to upload files to the cloud for storage and sharing, as well as syncing. Livedrive also offers backup services. The Livedrive API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Livedrive with other applications. Some example API methods include managing users, creating backups, managing backups, and managing accounts.
LiveTime	Cloud Support	LiveTimeï¿½s Web Services Interface enables third party applications to interact directly with the LiveTime application in a secure and controlled fashion. LiveTime Software is a vendor of Cloud based ITIL Service Management and Help Desk software. The API allows developers to authenticate users, retrieve user, item and organiztion info and more. It uses SOAP protocol and responses are formatted in XML.
Lob Address Verification	Printing Addresses, Cloud, Mail, Verification	Lob Address Verification API is a fee based cloud API that verifies addresses to confirm deliverability potential. This API performs cleansing, standardizing, and local geocoding of submitted addresses, both domestic and foreign. The Lob Address Verification API supports UTF-8 encoded characters to ensure worldwide verification ability. Domestic verification is free and verification of over 150 countries is available through a fee. Lob API requires an authentication key and is REST oriented.This API provides Ruby, Node.js, PHP, Java, & Python wrappers for ease of integration.
Lob Simple Area Mail	Printing Cloud, Mail, Office	Lob Simple Area Mail API is a fee based cloud API that allows businesses to prospect entire delivery areas or zip codes to grow customer base. This API service does not require a contract, allowing single or recurring mass mailings. Lob API requires an authentication key for the creation of bulk mailing jobs that are processed and mailed. This API provides Ruby, Node.js, PHP, Java, & Python wrappers for ease of integration.
Lob Simple Check Service	Printing Cloud, Mail, Office, Payments	Lob Simple Check Service API is a fee based cloud API that automates check payments for businesses and developers. This API is scalable and customizable, allowing businesses to add branding logos and descriptive content on the fronts of their bank grade business checks . Lob Simple Check Service API requires an authentication key for the creation of check print jobs that are processed and mailed. This REST API supports a URL or local file for the logo creation. This API provides Ruby, Node.js, PHP, Java, & Python wrappers for ease of integration.
Lob Simple Postcard Service	Printing Cloud, Mail, Office	Lob Simple Postcard Service API is a cloud based API that scales postcard production to business specification and allows personalization through dynamic content . This API creates on-demand printing of postcards and features a tracing feature that follows the location and arrival time of individual postcards, which is included in the cost. Lob API requires an authentication key for the creation of postcard print jobs. This REST API requires PDF, image, or an HTML string for the front and back of the postcard. This API uses HTTP response codes for error indication. This API provides Ruby, Node.js, PHP, Java, & Python wrappers for ease of integration.
Lob Simple Print Service	Printing Cloud, Mail, Office 	Lob Simple Print Service API is a cloud based API that automates business print workflow. This API creates on-demand and recurring customer communication, such as invoicing, postcards, and greeting cards. Additionally, services such as automated production of business cards for new employees, posters, photographs, and mailing services are accessible through this API. Lob Simple Print Service API requires an authentication key for the creation of single print jobs that are processed and mailed. This REST API supports PDF, PNG, and JPEG image types and uses HTTP response codes for error indication. This API provides Ruby, Node.js, PHP, Java, & Python wrappers for ease of integration.
Loggly	Tools Cloud  	Loggly is a cloud based logging service, with tools for collecting data in any format, searching data easily and accessing data analytics. Loggly also provides a RESTful API for developers to create their own applications around the Loggly services. Developers can send events to Loggly, retrieve events and access inputs and devices. Loggly is currently in Beta stage.
LTU Cloud	Recognition Cloud, Images, Visualizations	LTU Technologies is an image recognition software company that provides its customers with products and tools for recognizing and tracking processed images. The LTU Cloud API is a visual search tool used to recognize paintings, movie posters, CD covers, game covers, and more. Developers can send requests to search for images using this API.
M5 Connect	Telephony Cloud, Applications	M5 is a cloud-based enterprise-class phone systems company. The company replaces both the phone system and the telco provider providing customers with one invoice for all services. The API supports cloud and premise based applications. The API integrates business applications for M5 phone systems. It allows the developers to control or manage the phone systems from a remote location. The phone systems can be from third-party vendors.
Magistral	Messaging Cloud, Platform-as-a-Service 	The Magistral API allows developers to connect their real-time applications to Magistral's cloud messaging platform. Magistral uses a high-throughput Data Stream Network to ensure that messages are sent quickly and securely. Data is automatically backed up to multiple secure locations to prevent data loss. Magistral's cloud is deployed across multiple data centers located around the world.
MailWriter	Office Cloud, Shipping, Mail, Printing  	MailWriter is a cloud mailing service allowing users to create and send single letters, complete mailings, or personalized postcards. The MailWriter API allows third-party applications to create and send letters and postcards, and manage account credits. The HTTP API returns JSON formatted responses.
Mambu Clients	Banking Cloud, Financial, Software-as-a-Service, Transactions 	The Mambu Clients API retrieves, views, stores, creates, and updates clients. Linked data may include their address, custom fields, and identification documents. It is available in REST architecture with JSON format. Use the API to search a client by first name, last name, birth date, id document number, and branch ID.
Mambu Currencies	Banking Cloud, Financial, Software-as-a-Service, Transactions 	The Mambu Currencies API retrieves currencies' data for the accounts of an organization. Developers can send HTTP requests to receive JSON responses under REST architecture, previously authenticating with via HTTP basic format. Use the API to access information of type of currency and exchange rate.
Mambu Custom Views	Banking Cloud, Financial, Software-as-a-Service, Transactions 	The Mambu Custom Views API retrieves custom views or entities by filter. With the REST interface, developers can authenticate via basic auth to send HTTP requests and receive JSON responses. They can use the API to filter custom views of clients, groups, loans, deposits, and transactions.
Mambu Document Templates	Banking Cloud, Financial, Software-as-a-Service, Transactions 	The Mambu Document Templates API retrieves document templates data. It is available in REST architecture with HTTP requests, JSON responses, and basic authentication. Use the API to access an ID document by template keys.
Mambu Images	Banking Cloud, Financial, Software-as-a-Service, Transactions 	The Mambu Images API integrates image retrieval into financial applications. It is available under REST architecture with HTTP requests and JSON responses. Developers can use basic authentication to access the interface via HTTPS. Use the API to obtain images of client's profiles.
Mambu Notifications	Banking Cloud, Financial, Software-as-a-Service, Transactions 	The Mambu Notifications API integrates messages into banking applications. Under REST architecture, developers can perform callbacks with HTTP and JSON formats, previously authenticating with HTTP basic protocol. Use the API to send a message to a recipient by filtered date.
Mambu On The Fly	Banking Cloud, Financial, Software-as-a-Service, Transactions 	The Mambu On The Fly API retrieves data with custom filters. HTTP requests are available to return JSON responses. Basic auth under a secure HTTPS is required to authenticate. Use the API to obtain clients, search, transactions, notifications, and journal entries by filtering results.
Mambu Transaction Channels	Banking Cloud, Financial, Software-as-a-Service, Transactions 	The Mambu Transaction Channels REST API retrieves a list of all transaction channels in the organization via JSON format. Developers can access the interface with HTTP basic auth under a secure HTTPS protocol.
Mambu Users	Banking Cloud, Financial, Software-as-a-Service, Transactions	The Mambu Users API retrieves individual and group users by their ID. REST architecture allows performing callbacks by sending HTTP requests and receiving JSON responses. Use the API combined with Custom Fields API to set preferred filters.
Marketcloud	eCommerce Backend-as-a-Service, Cloud 	The Marketcloud API offers JSON responses for diverse eCommerce related information supported by Marketcloud. Available parameters include brands, categories, coupons, currencies, orders, promotions, and users. Marketcloud is an eCommerce backend that features integrated backoffice, analytics, and chatbots. Developers can test drive the API for free, but monthly calls are limited to 5,000.
MediaFire	File Sharing Cloud, Storage  	MediaFire is a cloud-based service for storing and sharing files. Users can host and share any file type including documents, presentations, videos, and images. All accounts can upload and share an unlimited number of files, with the maximum file size being 200MB for free accounts. Users can access and manage their MediaFire cloud using a RESTful API.
Meebox Cloud Server	Hosting Cloud	Meebox offers pay-as-you-go virtual servers. Maintain as many servers as you want. Servers can be based on the Meebox library of OS or appliance images, or on images you have made yourself from a clone of an existing server. The Meebox API provides a SOAP interface that allows Meebox customers to manipulate their virtual assets. Meebox platform object types include servers (virtual machines), disks, IP addresses, VDCs, VLANs, firewalls, images, snapshots, and disk clones.
MEGA	Storage Cloud, Security 	MEGA is a New Zealand based cloud storage service that helps users protect their privacy. With MEGA, users can control the encryption, users hold the keys, and users decide who to grant or deny access to files without requiring software installs. The API gives developers programmatic access to the functionality of the service. It uses HTTP calls and responses are formatted in JSON.
Melissa Cloud Global Address Verification	Contacts Addresses, Cloud, Data, Email, Real Time, Validation, Verification  	The Global Address Verification service is a real time address validation and correction service that covers over 240 countries and territories globally. It allows you to ensure your address data is accurate to parse the data and append latitude and longitude. Melissa specializes in global contact data quality and mailing preparation solutions for both small businesses and large enterprises.
Melissa Cloud Global Email	Contacts Addresses, Cloud, Data, Email, Validation  	The Melissa Data Global Email Cloud Service allows you to validate and parse email addresses, correct common typographical errors, and standardize email addresses. It features real-time email mailbox validation which removes up to 95% of bad emails. Melissa specializes in global contact data quality and mailing preparation solutions for both small businesses and large enterprises.
Melissa Cloud Global Express Entry	Contacts Addresses, Cloud, Data, Verification  	The Express Entry Web Service is an address verification service that will auto-complete your query with a verified address. This includes; city, state, and postal code. Melissa specializes in global contact data quality and mailing preparation solutions for both small businesses and large enterprises.
Melissa Cloud Global IP Locator	Contacts Cloud, Data, Email, Location  	The Melissa IP Locator allows you to validate IPv4 addresses and geographic information. The geographical data can place an IP address within a city and postal code and also tell you the connection type and speed. Melissa specializes in global contact data quality and mailing preparation solutions for both small businesses and large enterprises.
Melissa Cloud Global Name	Contacts Cloud, Data, Email  	The Melissa Data Global Name Service allows you to parse, genderize, and standardize personal names and company names. Melissa specializes in global contact data quality and mailing preparation solutions for both small businesses and large enterprises.
Melissa Cloud Global Phone	Contacts Cloud, Data  	The Melissa Data Global Phone Web Service allows you to verify phone numbers from over 230 countries and territories. It provides a way to append useful geographic information and perform real-time checks to distinguish live numbers and phone types. Melissa specializes in global contact data quality and mailing preparation solutions for both small businesses and large enterprises.
Melissa Cloud Personator World	Contacts Addresses, Cloud, Data, Email, Verification  	The Personator Web Service checks and verifies your client contact data globally. It allows you to verify a person’s name, address, phone, email, date of birth and their national ID. Melissa specializes in global contact data quality and mailing preparation solutions for both small businesses and large enterprises.
Memopal	Storage Cloud	Memopal offers cloud based online storage that tries to make storage more efficient. The technology behind Memopal looks for the similarities across all data that users upload, store those parts and then save only the changes that are made to that data. The simple API allows users to download files from their account. The API uses RESTful calls and responses are formatted in JSON.
Memset	Enterprise Hosting, Cloud  	Memset is a hosting/cloud service provider. The Memset API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Memset with other applications. Some example API methods include managing account information, retrieving server information, rebooting servers, provisioning new servers, Miniserver snapshots, server re-imaging, etc. The documentation includes examples in different languages (Java, .NET, Python, Perl, Ruby, PHP, and others).
Mendix Invite	Application Development Backend-as-a-Service, Cloud, Platform-as-a-Service 	The Mendix Invite API is an App Service that enables invitation of new users to your AppCloud application directly from the application. It also allows users to invite others to the application. Mendix provides a way to transform ideas into applications.
Mendix Permissions	Application Development Applications, Authentication, Authorization, Backend, Backend-as-a-Service, Cloud, Domains, Mobile, Platform-as-a-Service 	The Mendix Permissions API is an App Service that allows retrieving the user roles a specific user has in your application. It requires the EnvironmentUUID and EnvironmentPassword parameters to authenticate and authorize requests; the values for these should come from constants from the AppCloudServices module with the same name. Mendix provides a way to transform ideas into applications.
Mendix Profile	Application Development Applications, Backend, Backend-as-a-Service, Cloud, Domains, Mobile, Platform-as-a-Service 	The Mendix Profile API is an App Service that allows your AppCloud applications to retrieve profile information of their users from the Mendix platform. The service is part of the AppCloudServices module, which is available from the App Store and is also included in the default themes when creating a new application. Mendix provides a way to transform ideas into applications.
MEO CloudPT	Cloud Storage	MEO Cloud is a cloud storage service that is operated by Portugal Telecom. The MEO CloudPT API allows developers to build web and mobile cloud applications. The API sends requests in URI Query String/CRUD format and returns responses in JSON format.
Mesosphere	Cloud Big Data, Data	Mesosphere is a cloud platform for scaling and managing data and big data in the cloud. The Mesosphere API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Mesosphere with other applications. Public documentation is not available; API access comes with account service.
MessageGears	Email Cloud	The MessageGears API allows users to integrate Email into their applications. MessageGears provides email delivery solutions that allow companies to send transactional and bulk email. The API has features such as multiple recipient campaigns, message personalization, request level tracking and more. It uses RESTful protocol and responses are formatted in XML.
Metro Publisher	Enterprise Cloud, Content Management 	Metro Publisher is a cloud management system built to help media companies succeed online by growing readership, increasing revenue, and building their brand. Metro Publisher exposes their system through a RESTful API. Authentication is based on the OAuth2 specification. Responses are JSON formatted.
MicroBees	Home Automation Analytics, API, Application Development, Authentication, Automation, Cloud, Internet of Things  	The MicroBees API is an Internet of Things platform which exchanges information with MicroBees' products, and is used to create an automated home system. This is done without the need of changing electrical wiring. This system features power consumption measuring, and thermostat functions. The API itself has REST architecture, and responds in the JSON format. Each API call requires a bearer Token. MicroBees is based in Italy, and develops home connectivity products.
Microsoft Azure IoT Hub	Internet of Things Cloud 	The Microsoft Azure IoT Hub simplifies the implementation of IoT Hub’s device, messaging, and job services concepts. Developers deploying the API have the option of accessing the messaging services from either an Azure-anchored IoT service or through the internet using an application that is compatible with HTPPS requests and responses.
Microsoft Azure Search Service	Search Caching, Cloud, Documents, Storage 	The Azure Search is a Microsoft-provided cloud platform for enriching the search capabilities of custom applications. The Microsoft Azure Search Service API allows developers to integrate these search capabilities along with other operational functionalities including index creation and management, data loading, search feature implementation, query execution, and result handling. The API’s infrastructure features custom analyzers that facilitate the generation of indexes and searchable terms from text, Azure blob storage and table storage indexers for scheduling or setting on-demand data importation into the Azure Search platform, and filed mappings that support the customization of the data importation procedure of indexers. The Microsoft Azure Search Service API operates as a RESTful platform that conveys requests and responses in HTTP or JSON format.
Microsoft Azure Service Fabric Resource Manager	Microservices Applications, Cloud, Hardware, Management	Designed to operate as a distributed systems portal, Azure Service Fabric simplifies the packaging, deployment, and management flexible and effective microservices. And the deployment and management of microservices is performed through network connected machines known as Service Fabric cluster. The Microsoft Azure Service Fabric Resource Manager simplifies the creation and management of the Service Fabric cluster in Azure when developing applications.
Microsoft Graph Security	Security Cloud, Data, Platform-as-a-Service  	The Microsoft Graph Security API is an intelligent unified platform for combating cyber threats that powers real-time threat protection. It is used for Microsoft products and services that supports an ecosystem of integrated solutions. The security API allows you to connect with and extend the Intelligent Security Graph to build security solutions that consolidate and correlate security alerts from multiple sources, unlock contextual data to inform investigations, and automate security operations. Microsoft Graph is a unified endpoint for accessing data, relationships and insights from the Microsoft cloud.
Microsoft Parature	Chat Cloud, Customer Service, Engagement  	The Microsoft Parature API integrates chat experiences that aim to increase customer engagement. Ut includes JSON architecture with Token as the authentication method. In addition to chat, users can also request support tickets, interacting with a CSR platform.
Microsoft Silverlight Streaming	Other Media, Storage, Cloud	The Silverlight Streaming service REST protocol is used to upload Silverlight applications for use on web pages.
MightyCast NEX	Modules Application Development, Cloud, Games, Wearable	MightyCast NEX band is a modular wearable, connecting users to their unique interests. The device comes with "Mod" charms that are physical connections to the cloud. Using their proprietary "Base and Token Technology," the MightyCast API allows developers to create their own apps for the existing "Mods" on the NEX band, and for Mods of their own.
Mimeo Connect	Printing Cloud, Documents, Platform-as-a-Service	Mimeo is an on-demand cloud printing service. Use the Mimeo Connect API to access Mimeo's document workflow and production and distribution functionality. Mimeo's API is RESTful and supported by any programming language. See their documentation for helpful code examples and a starter library. A My Site login is required for access to the API.
MindTouch	Support Cloud 	The MindTouch API allows developers to programmatically access MindTouch's cloud-based services for helping clients improve their Help content. MindTouch is customer success software for hosting, organizing, and presenting Help content so that customers can learn about and become competent with the client's product. This service is completely brandable so that customers never know they're leaving the client's website.
MiniCloud	Backend Cloud, Hosting  	MiniCloud provides a cloud-based hosting service that can scale up or down depending on site traffic. Users only pay for what they use and are given full control over networking options, programming languages, custom error pages, and more through MiniCloud's web console. To enhance security, all computing environments are isolated from each other and from public networks. Users can choose to run their sites from multiple data centers in different geographic locations to increase performance and reduce downtime, even in extreme weather or power outages.
Minio	Cloud Data, DevOps, Storage 	Minio offers an object cloud storage solution that is best suited for storing unstructured data such as photos, videos, log files, backups and VM images. Minio is Amazon S3 compatible, and supports notification based Lambda functions, and erasure code and Bitrot protection. The maximum file size is 5 TB. Minio is based in Palo Alto, CA.
Mist.io	Web Site Management Aggregation, Analytics, Cloud, Mobile, Monitoring, Real Time, Security, Storage  	Mist.io aggregates a user's cloud servers to help them monitor status and activity with a single unified interface. Mist.io displays real time analytics and visualizations of system metrics, and offers the ability to create, manage, and edit existing servers and accounts with quality security measures. The service is compatible with Amazon Web Services, Rackspace, DigitalOcean, Google Cloud Platform, and additional major server providers. Aside from their mobile & web interfaces, developers may also extend site functionalities into 3rd party applications via the Mist.io RESTful API.
Mobingi	Application Development Applications, Backend-as-a-Service, Cloud 	The Mobingi REST API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Mobingi with other applications. Public documentation is not available; API access comes with account service. Mobingi provides cloud application development and management tools and services.
moCloud	Application Development Applications, Backend-as-a-Service, Cloud, Mobile 	The moCloud REST API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of moCloud with other applications. Some example API methods include managing users, deploying and managing applications, and managing stacks. moCloud is an application management platform that allows users to build, run, and deploy their applications.
MODE	Cloud Application Development, Internet of Things 	The MODE API provides a cloud platform for developing IoT environments. This REST API responds in JSON format and uses the API Key authorization type. Features such as multi-app development and access control are available. MODE, which was founded by former Google and Yahoo engineers, "serves as a virtual back end team for IoT companies". MODE offers 2 service plans with different production limits.
Monaca Cloud	HTML5 Application Development, Cloud, Mobile, Platform-as-a-Service 	This API provides a browser-based development environment as a service. It provides Cordova development without any setup, right from your Web browser. Monaca is a leading HTML5 development platform that gives developers the power to create rich UI PhoneGap apps that run at native speed.
MongoLab	Database Database-as-a-Service, Cloud, Hosting 	MongoLab is a fully-managed cloud database service featuring highly-available MongoDB databases, automated backups, web-based tools, 24/7 monitoring, and expert support. By hosting MongoDB on MongoLabâ€™s Database-as-a-Service (DBaaS) platform, developers and IT professionals are free to focus their attention on product development instead of operations. MongoLab runs on all the major cloud platforms, including Amazon, Joyent, Rackspace and Windows Azure, and has partnered with all of the major Platform-as-a-Service (PaaS) providers to enable seamless integration with the application tier. Headquartered in San Francisco, MongoLab is backed by premier venture and angel investors including Foundry Group, Baseline Ventures, GRP Partners, Freestyle Capital, and David Cohen of TechStars. Learn more at https://mongolab.com/.
Monitor.us Open	Monitoring Cloud, Web Site Management	Monitor.Us is a monitoring service for websites, servers, networks, and cloud systems. Users can track response times, load times, and performance from multiple checkpoint locations that cover major international markets. Users can also opt to receive mobile alerts in the form of texts or emails. The Monitor.Us API allows users to programmatically retrieve monitoring data and to customize the monitoring tools.
Monopond	Messaging Fax, Voice, Cloud	Monopond is a platform for broadcast fax, SMS and voice messages. Messages are sent via software links using Monopond's suite of webtools and automatic delivery system. Monopond offers a suite of services including broadcast and transactional fax, management of SMS campaigns, email to SMS messaging and more. Public documentation is not available.
Mopidy Core	Music Cloud, Streaming 	The Mopidy Core API allows to implement music streaming features into applications based on the cloud. With responses in JSON, developers can manage tracklist, playback, music library, mixer, and music history. For additional functionality, Mopidy offers Frontend API, Backend API, and Extension API. Mopidly is a music server that can play local music as well as music from Spotify, SoundCloud, Google Play Music, and more.
Mopidy Data Model	Music Cloud, Streaming 	The Mopidy Data Model API transfers data to implement music streaming features into an application. Parameters access artists' name, composers, performers, and track release date. Available with JSON responses. Mopidly is a music server that can play local music as well as music from Spotify, SoundCloud, Google Play Music, and more.
Mover.io	File Sharing Documents, Data, Cloud, Storage	Mover.io is a service that allows users to move documents and data across online applications through the cloud. Users can use Mover to change cloud-storage providers, back up website or files, and make sure documents and data are all in one place. The Mover.io API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Mover.io with other applications and create new applications. Some example API methods include managing accounts, creating and managing collections, and accessing and transferring files.
Mozu Commerce	eCommerce Cloud, Marketing, Sales	The Mozu Commerce API provides a cloud platform to integrate in retail oriented applications. It is used to manage and define commerce entities. This is a REST API and responds in the JSON format. Mozu is a cloud commerce solution that offers services such as theme development, commerce strategy, and training workshops. Mozu is built by Volusion which focuses on "connecting people and commerce".
Mozu Content	eCommerce Cloud, Marketing, Sales	The Mozu Content API provides a cloud platform to integrate in retail oriented applications. It is used to manage, design, and organize a site's content. This is a REST API and responds in the JSON format. Mozu offers services such as theme development, commerce strategy, and training workshops. Mozu is built by Volusion which focuses on "connecting people and commerce".
Mozu Event	eCommerce Cloud, Marketing, Sales	The Mozu Event API provides a cloud platform to integrate in retail oriented applications. It is used to subscribe an application to Mozu's event service. This service sends notifications when CRUD operations are performed. This is a REST API and responds in the JSON format. Mozu offers services such as theme development, commerce strategy, and training workshops. Mozu is built by Volusion which focuses on "connecting people and commerce".
Mozu Platform	eCommerce Authentication, Cloud, Marketing, Sales	The Mozu Platform API provides a cloud platform to integrate in retail oriented applications. It is used to authenticate users and applications, retrieve reference data, and store entries. This is a REST API and responds in the JSON format. Mozu is a cloud commerce solution that offers services such as theme development, commerce strategy, and training workshops. Mozu is built by Volusion which focuses on "connecting people and commerce".
Mydoorhandle	Database Cloud, Storage, Addresses 	MyDoorHandle is an online location-sharing app that uses GPS technology in mobile devices to create unique location-based names, aka DoorHandles. A DoorHandle enables you to share your location across any platform or device. This allows people and businesses to find each other. The API provides websites with the ability to create their own private DoorHandles, allowing them digitize their customers' location data, and to store addresses and locations of customers and online orders. It is a secure, cloud-based repository for this data.
MyRobots	Other Robots, Robots, Cloud	MyRobots is a cloud robotics hub for connecting robots and intelligent devices to the internet, allowing them to be remotely monitored and controlled. The cloud-based robotics provided by MyRobots enables real-time monitoring of your robots and other public robots, providing a wide range of possibilities as data can be shared and used interactively between different machines. Registering your robot with MyRobots will provide a unique channel for your robot to interact and exchange data with the web service, which then lets you begin sending and receiving data to your devices via the cloud. Additionally, the API exposes functionality for you to create public status messages for your robots, and also enables the generation of custom charts to instantly visualize your robotic data.
Nanoscale	API API Design, API Management, API Strategy, Cloud 	Nanoscale provides the integration of API microservices. API dashboard contains endpoints, environments, and hosts as references. SDKs available to indirectly access the interface. It requires JSON architecture with token access.
Neon	Non-Profit Accessibility, Campaigns, Charity, Cloud, Customer Relationship Management, Database	The Neon API is for customer relationship management applications for non-profits and is currently in the Beta testing stage. It's features include working with accounting data, managing information from accounts, households, donations, pledges, events, and membership details. It also allows for online store management for purchases and inventory.
Nephoscale	Storage Hosting, Cloud	The service provides remote, cloud-based application hosting and data storage under Windows and Linux servers. It includes full controls for provisioning and removing functions within a customer's hosted infrastructure as well as managing currently active functions. Examples include defining storage structure within purchased storage space, installation of applications and utilities, and configuration of security and other access restrictions. API methods support using all of products and services offered by the platform, including server definition and configuration, containers and objects within storage space, and a proprietary "CloudScript" language for managing infrastructure as a service (IAAS) resources.
NetLicensing	Licensing Cloud, eCommerce, Payments	Labs64 NetLicensing is a first-class solution in the Licensing as a Service (LaaS) sector. Based on open standards, it provides a cost effective, integrated and scalable platform for software vendors and developers who want to concentrate on their product’s core functionality instead of spending resources on developing an own license management software.
Nifty Cloud	Storage Cloud, Japanese	Nifty Cloud is a public cloud computing IaaS service featuring server resources that are available on-demand. An hourly fee is charged for using these resources, and users can pay as they go. Nifty Cloud can be run from an online control panel or by using a SOAP-based API. The API enables users to programmatically run program operations such as startup and shutdown, or to check the status of servers and disks that they've created. Nifty Cloud is only available in Japanese.
nimbits	Cloud Social, Data	Nimbits is an open source process data historian for Google App Engine. It provides data logging, calculations and M2M communication for sensors and devices such as Arduino. It can be used to record and share data points on the cloud and lets users record their changing numeric, text based, GPS, json or xml values into them. The API lets users access the public server to push and pull their data from. The API also provides access to a chart image service, which can generate PNG format images of user data. The API uses HTTP calls and responses are formatted in JSON or TXT.
Nimblevox Click-2-Dial	Messaging Telephony, Cloud	Nimblevox is a cloud communications service with Hosted IVR, Automatic Speech Recognition, Text-to-Speech, Answering Machine Detection, Outbound Dialing, SMS Solution, Service Creation Tool, and Out of the box API's. The Click-2-Dial API enables calling directly into your website. You can monitor agent call volumes, track call traffic, and integrate into your CRM. The API dials the agent, when they answer or accept, the connection is made.
Nimblevox serviceStart	Telephony Customer Relationship Management, Applications, Cloud	Nimblevox is a cloud communications service with Hosted IVR, Automatic Speech Recognition, Text-to-Speech, Answering Machine Detection, Outbound Dialing, SMS Solution, Service Creation Tool, and Out of the box API's. The serviceStart API is used to invoke your custom applications. It receives the request, starts phone line, and passes request data to your application.
Nimbus Phantom	Backend Cloud	Nimbus Phantom is a service that simplifies the management of on-demand resources across multiple infrastructure clouds. Phantom monitors available resources and automatically provisions and configures new ones as needed to counteract failures and cater to increased demand. It can be used to supplement local resources with cloud resources or to deploy virtual machines across multiple clouds. Nimbus Phantom is currently being used with Openstack, AWS EC2, and Nimbus clouds, but it is capable of working with any infrastructure cloud supported by Apache Libcloud. Phantom's functions can be accessed programmatically using REST calls issued in JSON.
Nimbus.io	Storage Cloud	Nimbus.io is a provider of cloud based long term data storage clusters. Nimbus.io attempts to differentiate itself from competitors such as Amazonâ€™s S3, OpenStackâ€™s Swift, and Riak by using parity instead of replication to achieve highly redundant storage with less overhead. The Nimbus API gives developers access to resources including customer accounts, collections owned by the customer, keys within a collection and the data and metadata for a key.
Ninefold Online Storage	Storage Cloud, Hosting, Australian	The service is described as an Australian alternative to Amazon AWS. It provides a platform for application hosting and online data storage in the cloud, with capabilities for virtual server installations and shared file repositories. Cloud Compute functionality includes establishing and configuring a virtual machine, then installing and managing software using those resources. Cloud Storage functionality includes creating storage structures, setting access permissions, and uploading, replacing, and deleting files. API methods support creating and configuring virtual machines and managing applications running on those platforms. Methods also support establishing storage locations and access criteria, with full create-retrieve-update-delete (CRUD) controls. The API gives complete control of descriptive metadata assigned and maintained for all resources on the platform.
Nlyte Ngauge	Storage Cloud, Hosting	The service provides web and application hosting environments with capabilities to integrate functions for configuration, performance management, and reporting with other applications. The web service exposes functions used in the provider's own Data Center Infrastructure Management (DCIM) interface. Developers can access a code library for functional elements to be incorporated into their own integration projects. API methods support performance monitoring of data center resources and the overall hosting environment, with functions for updating configuration settings and other variables to improve performance. Reporting functions support pre-defined dashboard monitors and ad hoc analysis of system data.
Nodejitsu	Cloud Platform-as-a-Service, Hosting	Nodejitsu is a cloud hosting platform-as-a-service for node.js developers. The platform lets developers host and scale their applications, offers a marketplace for node.js applications and lets developers get training. The API lets developers interact with the Nodejitsu platform programatically. It exposes data on applications, users, databases and more. It uses RESTful calls and responses are formatted in JSON.
Nodester	Cloud Platform-as-a-Service, Open Source	Nodester provides Node.JS hosting, as platform-as-a-service. The platform is based on a RESTful API running in the cloud. The service supports Node.JS sandboxing of user apps, which according the the site lets users "install their own NPM modules using the Nodester APPNPM API." Nodester uses Git to push updates.
Nutanix	Enterprise Cloud, Storage, Virtualization 	The Nutanix REST API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Nutanix with other applications. Some example API methods include retrieving storage containers, managing storage, and managing hosts. Nutanix provides enterprise cloud management, storage, and virtualization services.
ObjectRocket	Database Cloud	ObjectRocket is a cloud infrastructure database-as-a-service (DBAAS), a shared MongoDB provider and environment. ObjectRocket includes database management features, such as back-up services, scaling, and shared environments. The ObjectRocket API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of ObjectRocket with other applications and to create new applications. Some example API methods include adding data to databases, retrieving data from databases, and editing and deleting data from databases.
OCR-IT	Photos Cloud, Conversions, Images, OCR, Text	OCR-IT provides developers and organizations with backend cloud-based OCR API image processing services and documented conversion outsourcing. Images form mobile devices, PCs, scanners, or any other Internet-connected sources can be converted to searchable and editable text and PDFs.
Ohpen	Banking Cloud, Financial, Software-as-a-Service 	The Ohpen API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Ohpen with other applications. Public documentation is not available; API access comes with account service. Ohpen is a cloud-based SAAS for banking systems.
Omnivore	Sales Cloud, Engagement, Restaurants 	Omnivore is a cloud-based POS system that allows developers to create ordering apps, extract data, and more. Omnivore features analytics, and PCI-DSS 3.1 compliance. The API integrates with Micros, Aloha, POSitouch, InfoGenesis, and Dinerware. Restaurants can benefit from non-interrupted operations. Developers will need to sign up in order to access documentation. JSON is the preferred response format.
OnApp	Enterprise Cloud	OnApp is a cloud services platform. OnApp provides its users access to a global content delivery network. Service providers and businesses can employ it for scalable cloud based functions to extend their content delivery services or storage. Their API is RESTful and provides JSON and XML formatted data. It is intended for integration with third-party applications.
OnApp CDN Reporting	Cloud Content Delivery Network, Reporting	The OnApp Content Delivery Network API returns CDN reports data to hosting providers. Get top reports, status codes reports, visitors reports, concurrent statistics and more with the API. OnApp provides cloud and CDN management services for enterprises and service providers.
OnApp CDN Storage Servers	Cloud Content Delivery Network, Storage	The OnApp CDN Storage Servers API can access a list of all CDN storage servers in a cloud. It supports XML and JSON requests to receive XML responses in return. Use the API to collect information about the storage servers including data about a particular OS, remote access, passwords, edge servers, IP addresses, and much more. OnApp provides cloud and CDN management services for enterprises and service providers.
OnApp CDN Usage Statistics	Cloud Content Delivery Network, Data, Statistics	The OnApp CDN Usage Statistics API displays detailed information on all the resources used by CDN. It supports XML and JSON requests to receive XML responses in return. Use the API to retrieve statistics about users, cached and non-cached data, and more. OnApp provides cloud and CDN management services for enterprises and service providers.
OnApp Cloud	Cloud Content Delivery Network, Hosting, Management, Platform-as-a-Service 	The OnApp Cloud API integrates cloud services with third parties. It is available in REST architecture with JSON and XML as the formats and Basic HTTP and API Key as the authentication methods. API methods are available for managing servers, networks, location groups, load balancers, storage backup and much more. OnApp is a cloud management platform with solutions that enable service providers to build public, private, hybrid, and VPS clouds in the datacenter plus CDN solutions.
One App Cloud	Project Management Cloud, Collaboration	One App Cloud is a business tools suite. It offers business simple and rich tools for collaboration, project management, and form creation. One App Cloudâ€™s Actionable Inbox streamlines communications and document sharing into a single, transparent feed. A visual form designer and the Rule Builder allow users to define and create reports, analyses, and other forms. One App Cloud also provides an API to integrate their suiteâ€™s features with social media and Google Apps.
Onehub	File Sharing Storage, Collaboration, Cloud  	Onehub is a file sharing solution that allows you to store files, collaborate with coworkers, and communicate with clients all in the same place. Use the services to quickly upload and organize content, share collaborate and communicate, and securely access content from any location. The Onehub API enables you to access data from the Onehub service on behalf of a client. The API is designed to adhere to the REST Principals. The API uses HTTPS, and returns all data in JSON.
OneLogin	Security Enterprise, Cloud, Business	The OneLogin API allows developers to interact with the OneLogin service. OneLogin provides an easy-to-use single sign-on solution for businesses that embrace cloud computing. OneLogin eliminates the need for employees to remember strong passwords and saves them time because they can log into applications with a single click. OneLogin's API supports five basic operations for each entity: read, list, create, update and delete. It uses RESTful protocol and responses are formatted in XML.
OneLogin SCIM	Application Development Cloud, Domains, Identity, Management, Security  	This Rest API is a system for Cross-domain Identity Management (SCIM) that aims to simplify user provisioning and management in the cloud. It currently supports SCIM 1.1 and SCIM 2.0. Here are the calls your API should receive from OneLogin SCIM provisioning: Get User, Create User, Get User by ID, Update User and more. OneLogin is an Identity and Access Management (IAM) provider for enterprise in cloud, legacy and hybrid IT environments.
OneNote	Tools Notes, Organization, Cloud, Office   	Microsoft OneNote is a notebook tool, subdivided into sections and pages, where users can jot down and organize notes, insert images, online content and drawings, and also record audio or video. OneNote notebooks can also be stored on OneDrive, which allows for syncing across devices and platforms, and sharing notebooks with others. The OneNote service API allows developers to integrate and manipulate OneNote user data in their own applications on a variety of platforms and devices, and supports the capture of many different file types.
OnTime	Software-as-a-Service Business, Cloud, Shipping 	OnTime is a courier software that helps businesses to work in the cloud with or without internet connection. The API offers to create, update, and tracks orders. It features SOAP and XML services.
Open Service Broker	Cloud Application Development, Applications 	The Open Service Broker API interacts with Cloud Foundry to manage cloud resources and administer credentials on demand. It is available as a standard interface with REST architecture, HTTP methods, and JSON protocols.
Open Telekom Cloud	Cloud Infrastructure-as-a-Service, Virtualization 	The Open Telekom Cloud API by Deutsche Telekom aims to provide developers with a way to create and manage Virtual Machines along side other APIs for VPC, ELB and other IaaS services. The API intends to include services such as Virtual Private Cloud (VPC), Elastic Cloud Server (ECS), Elastic Load Balancer (ELB), Elastic Volume Service (EVS) and others.
OpenChannel	Marketplace Applications, Cloud, Developer Relations, Plugins, Webhooks 	The OpenChannel API simplifies the integration of the app store functionality in web and mobile applications as well as other products. The RESTful API supports the acceptance and management of developer-submitted apps and the subsequent integration and delivery of the apps to target end users. The OpenChannel is an App store platform that offers support for submitting, updating, and versioning apps as well as handling payments, approvals, and other functions for maintaining an app store. This allows customers using the API to have full control over their developer app and end user experience.
OpenDataSoft	Open Data Cloud, Data, Database, Database-as-a-Service, Datacenter, Geography, Publishing, Search, Software-as-a-Service 	OpenDataSoft is a cloud based platform aiming to act as a resource for firms to publish and retrieve open data. The OpenDataSoft platform uses an API for search based retrieval and analysis of published data sets. Parameters allow for complex queries using full-text or geolocation search strategies, and for exporting a flow of records in JSON or CSV. The API supports GET & POST methods.
OpenDrive WebDAV	Storage Accounts, Cloud, Data, Documents, File Sharing, Photos	OpenDrive is a platform that offers file storage, syncing, backup and team collaboration services. Developers can connect to the cloud storage service OpenDrive's web server to access files and perform account management with the same permissions as a user login on their site. The OpenDrive WebDAV API's basic tier allows access to mange a single account, whereas the manager partner tier grants a new account creation privilege, along with additional functionalities. The API uses basic HTTP login for authentication, and can be used to create & update users, set permissions, receive user data, delete a user, receive file information, and create, move, copy, or rename individual files.
OPENi	Tools Cloud, Integration, Social, Mobile	OPENi is a framework for integrating applications with cloud-based services. OPENi is open-source and web-based and is a project from the European Union. The OPENi API is a single API for social driven mobile applications. The OPENi API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of OPENi with other applications and to create new applications. Public documentation is not available yet; interested developers should contact OPENi: http://www.openi-ict.eu/contact/.
OpenStack	Storage Cloud, Authentication, Identity   	OpenStack is an open source cloud computing platform for public and private clouds. The Keystone Identity Service allows clients to obtain tokens that can be used to access OpenStack cloud services. The API uses RESTful calls and responses are formatted in XML and JSON.
OpenStack Bare Metal	Application Development Cloud 	OpenStack is a provider of various open source project components that facilitate the establishment of cloud services. It has provided standard APIs that are well suited for multiple implementations. The OpenStack Bare Metal API is a RESTful platform for interacting with the cloud-provisioned hardware architecture of the Bare Metal service. The OpenStack Bare Metal service is essentially a network of physical servers that have been transformed into virtual machines, and made available to service providers and enterprises, through the cloud infrastructure. Developers can use the OpenStack Bare Metal API to create a control panel through which users can acquire privileged rights for accessing and interacting with the bare metal servers in the cloud environment.
OpenStack Block Storage	Backup Backend-as-a-Service, Cloud, Standards, Storage 	OpenStack is a provider of various open source project components that facilitate the establishment of cloud services. It has provided standard APIs that are well suited for multiple implementations. The OpenStack Block Storage API allows users to create and manage backup solutions for storage resources. Developers can use the API to consolidate storage resources in the cloud environment or deploy block storage devices to back up data. The API uses the HTTP method and JSON to format requests and responses.
OpenStack Clustering	Application Development Cloud, Events, Standards, Virtualization 	OpenStack is a provider of various open source project components that facilitate the establishment of cloud services. It has provided standard APIs that are well suited for multiple implementations. The OpenStack Clustering API allows developers to integrate functionalities for creating, listing, updating, and deleting clusters. It supports the creation and manipulation of different cluster categories for different applications, events, and actions. The API sends HTTP-formatted requests and returns responses in URO Query String/CRUD format.
OpenStack Compute	Infrastructure-as-a-Service Application Development, Cloud, Hardware, Virtualization 	OpenStack is a provider of various open source project components that facilitate the establishment of cloud services. It has provided standard APIs that are well suited for multiple implementations. The OpenStack Compute API is a product of the OpenStack Nova project. The API provides a RESTful HTTP service platform for accessing the tremendously scalable and on-demand compute resources using either virtual or physical machines. Its deployment requires access to an OpenStack Compute service provider. The API strictly supports JSON-formatted requests and responses.
OpenStack Database	Applications Backup, Cloud, Database, Database-as-a-Service, Storage 	The OpenStack Database is a scalable cloud-based service for managing database engines. This service works with the OpenStack Database API to simplify and expedite the deployment of database features and functionalities. The API makes it easier for developers to facilitate the simultaneous accessibility and exploitation multiple database instances. The API mainly conveys HTTP-formatted requests and responses.
OpenStack Orchestration Service	Applications Cloud, DevOps	OpenStack is a provider of various open source project components that facilitate the establishment of cloud services. The organization provides standard APIs that are well suited for multiple implementations. The OpenStack Orchestration Service uses API calls to produce active cloud applications that provide template-based orchestration for implementing descriptions of a cloud application. Developers can use the API’s templates to create different types of OpenStack resources including floating IPs, instances, security groups, users, and volumes as well as other innovative functionalities such as signaling resource availability status.
OpenStack Shared File Systems	File Sharing Applications, Cloud, DevOps, Networking	OpenStack is a provider of various open source project components that facilitate the establishment of cloud services. The organization provides standard APIs that are well suited for multiple implementations. The OpenStack Shared File Systems API supports the construction of apps for managing shared file systems in busy cloud environments. Its deployment allows developers to create and operate shared file systems in multi-tenant cloud environment in addition to managing their functional properties such as accessibility and visibility.
Opscode Chef Server	Backend Cloud, Enterprise	Chef Server is an open-source system integration framework built specifically for automating the cloud. It is used for configuration management, cloud management, and continuous delivery. Chef enables users to model infrastructure as code so that they can easily and consistently configure and deploy infrastructure across any platform. Over 800 reusable cookbooks are provided for automating infrastructure. The Chef Server API is used to provide access to objects on the Chef Server, including nodes, environments, roles, and cookbooks. It is also used to manage an API client list and the associated RSA public key-pairs.
Optimal Payments NETBANX Hosted Payments	Payments Cloud, Compliance, eCommerce, Security	Optimal Payments offer a range of online, mobile and alternative payment methods using APIs designed to streamline payment integration into applications and websites. The Hosted Payments API allows developers to integrate payment processing into eCommerce sites with full PCI compliance for enhanced security. The API will forward users to a payment page hosted by NETBANX to ensure that sensitive information is stored and handled solely by NETBANX. This is all done through a RESTful API using HTTP with JSON formatted requests and responses. Optimal Payments offers a test API endpoint to demo API integrations before their publication.
Oracle Cloud Stack Manager	Cloud DevOps, Enterprise  	The Oracle Cloud Stack Manager REST API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Oracle Cloud Stack Manager with other applications and websites. Some example API methods include creating stacks, managing stacks, retrieving lists of stacks, and account management. Oracle Cloud Stack Manager provides cloud stack management services and functionalities.
Oracle Connect	Software-as-a-Service Cloud, Data-as-a-Service, Infrastructure-as-a-Service, Platform-as-a-Service	The Connect REST API provides customers and partners a way to integrate with the Oracle Service Cloud platform. It is a public API that leverages the Connect Common Object Model and allows you access to web services including; accounts, assets, contacts, mailboxes and more. Oracle Cloud is a public cloud service across software as a service (SaaS), platform as a service (PaaS), infrastructure as a service (IaaS) and more.
Oracle Monitoring Cloud Service	Cloud Business, Enterprise, Monitoring	The Oracle Monitoring Cloud Service API offers alerts, metrics, and reports related to enterprise cloud solutions provided by Oracle. Developers must install a version of cURL that supports SSL. POST, GET, and DELETE methods are supported when invoking Oracle Cloud objects. For authentication, this API uses HTTP Basic Auth, and JSON for data exchange.
Oracle Service Cloud Knowledge Advanced	Business Cloud, Content, Learning Management Systems, Search 	The Oracle Service Cloud Knowledge Advanced API provides numerous functionalities for accessing and developing knowledge resources. The API facilitates the addition, modification, and interaction with cloud-based knowledge resources. It allows users to search and make recommendations for articles in addition to accessing user information from external apps. This API allows developers to customize Oracle Service Cloud applications and integrate third-party applications. Developers can also use it to integrate Oracle’s suites of applications including Siebel and E-Business Suite. The API sends HTTP-formatted requests and returns JSON-formatted responses.
Orange Cloud France	Storage Backup, Business, Cloud, Collaboration, European, Images, Video	The Orange Cloud France API allows developers' application services to access the personal cloud of Orange customers in France, with Open ID Connect which provides secure identification and authorization. Orange Cloud France provides up to 100GB of storage that can be accessed from any computer, TV, smartphone, or tablet and is available to millions of users in France with other Orange countries coming soon.
Orange Cloud OpenStack	Cloud Applications, Business, Open Source	The Orange OpenStack API brings developers new digital opportunities for building applications and platforms. It offers an open source public cloud of business services and a platform to enhance performance. Orange is a global telecommunication company that provides IT and telecommunications services.
Orange Datavenue	Big Data Cloud, Data, Internet of Things 	The Orange Datavenue API provides developers a way to collect, store, manage, aggregate and secure their customer's data, from any connected object or platform. A Developer Account is required for accessing the API.
Orange Flexible Datasync	Cloud Applications, Backend, Internet of Things, Mobile, Real Time, Social	With the Orange Flexible Datasync API, users can boost real-time application development with an Orange backend that is adaptable to IoT, mobile, social, and collaborative services. The Flexible Datasync API is available on a special portal where all relevant resources can be accessed. Orange is a global telecommunication company that provides IT and telecommunications services.
Orange M2M	Automation Backend, Cloud, Machine-to-Machine, Messaging	The Orange M2M API lets developers build services that integrate all the information provided by their M2M SIM cards, allowing them to manage their SIM fleet in real-time. the API is currently available in France. This API is REST based. Orange is a global telecommunication company that provides IT and telecommunications services.
OVH Cloud	Storage Cloud, Hosting, England	The service provides hosting and provisioning for online storage and application hosting environments. It allows control of hosting resources from bringing them online to configuration, installation, ongoing monitoring and adjustment, and taking them offline. API methods support defining and configuring storage space, setting and changing permissions for resources, starting an application instance and ending it, and other functions for controlling hosted applications. Methods also support user account management and performance monitoring with routine and ad hoc reporting.
OwnCloud	File Sharing Cloud, Storage, Data, Documents  	OwnCloud is a document and data storage and sharing application. Documents and data uploaded to OwnCloud are stored in the cloud. Users can sync their files, share their files, and encrypt their files. The OwnCloud API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of OwnCloud with other applications and to create new applications. Some example API methods include uploading files, syncing files, and sharing files.
Oxygen Cloud	Storage Cloud, Enterprise, File Sharing	Oxygen Cloud is a cloud-based desktop that works exactly like a regular desktop, but allows users to keep their files secure and synced across multiple devices. Users can edit files while offline, and Oxygen will automatically sync the updated files when the device is online again. Oxygen Cloud supports selective file syncing along with multiple, simultaneous uploads and downloads. As an enterprise service, Oxygen Cloud gives companies a way to let their employees work on the go without compromising the security of company information. It comes with extensive options and controls regarding file access, sharing, and data ownership. Oxygen Cloud's functions and contents can be integrated with other systems and applications via REST calls.
packagecloud.io	Application Development Automation, Cloud, DevOps, Security 	This Rest API is used for automation of common tasks for a combination of metadata, configuration, and software that is prepared in a package management program. This includes; Java packages (Clojure, SBT, "fatjar"), Debian source packages (DSCs), Python packages (wheels, eggs, source distributions), RubyGems and more. It allows you to build a repo of packages and some metadata describing a variety of attributes about the packages and can be accessed using Travis CI, Jenkins, Buildkite, Private Package Repository and more. The packageclound.io service provides apt, yum, and rubygems repositories with powerful tooling, security and automation.
Packet	Cloud Hardware, Hosting, Infrastructure-as-a-Service 	The Packet API returns data of bare-metal cloud, allowing developers to access hardware features from a remote service. It's available with authentication token and JSON formats to perform callbacks with devices, capacity, hardware reservations, IP Addresses, operating systems, and SSH keys. Packet is a cloud hosting and bare metal server platform.
Pairaphrase Translation	Translation B2B, Cloud, Collaboration, Content Management, Language, Languages, Localization, Machine Learning, Project Management, Security, Software-as-a-Service, Tourism, Translation, Travel 	The Pairaphrase Translation API allows developers integrate to professional language translation functionality in applications. The API provides access to professional and machine translation technologies that simplify and accelerate human language translation processes. It is also equipped with data encryption capabilities that guarantee the security of information. The API sends and returns responses in JSON format.
Paraimpu	Internet of Things API, Cloud, Platform-as-a-Service, Social	Use Paraimpu REST API to create your own Internet-of-Things. Paraimpu supports JSON and authenticates via Token, which is assigned after creating a free account. The API allows users to connect their physical things (appliances, lighting, home systems) to the web. Link devices and APIs by creating "Things" and "Connections" for sharing data. The API home page contains documentation, including tutorials and code examples.
Pawprint	Testing API Management, Applications, Authorization, Cloud  	This Paw API allows you to create new Pawprints from har and raw files, grant access rights for your Pawprints to other users and delete Pawprints. Pawprints provides a way to share your request/response exchanges from Paw, create Pawprints from the command line or directly with the API and embed them in your own website. Paw provides a way to build a Mac app that makes it easy to test web APIs.
pCloud	Cloud Data, Documents, File Sharing, Music, Photos, Storage, Video	The pCloud API is a development platform for online storage solutions. The API is split into the HTTP/JSON and binary protocols. The HTTP/JSON protocol deploys HTTP calls to support the development web and mobile applications. It returns JSON formatted responses to the HTTP requests. The binary protocol, on the other hand, is designed to enhance the performance of cloud-based storage applications.
Peecho	Photos Printing, Printing, Cloud	The Simple Print API allows developers to build professional print functionality right in their own apps, with a very simple REST API to place print orders through Peecho's cloud print network - like books, magazines, canvas prints and much more. It includes on demand production and delivery. API integrations require a monthly fee. To complete orders through the API, you also need to buy prepaid credit. We will charge your credit balance for each order, so we can pay our production facilities directly. If your balance is low, you will be notified - you can then update your balance with new credit and then, if necessary, confirm the orders that were not accepted yet.
Pepipost	Email Analytics, API, Cloud, Newsletter, Notifications, Protocol, REST, Webhooks 	With the Pepipost API, you can connect Pepipost to a CMS, your application server, blog platform, and more for instant sending of transactional mails. The custom developed HTTP API can send up to 1000 emails per API call. Since a single API call can suffice for multiple email addresses, it can reduce bandwidth costs significantly. In addition, you can track statistics for number of emails sent, bounces and spam complaints. Pepipost is a reliable and scalable email delivery engine.
Personio	Human Resources Cloud, Jobs 	The Personio API allows developers to access and integrate the recruiting data and functionality of Personio with other applications. Some example API methods include retrieving open positions and posting applicants to Personio and retrieving data about applicants and candidates. Personio is a cloud-based human resources platform.
Pervasive Data Integrator	Storage Cloud	The service provides a platform for data integration across multipurpose applications. It facilitates cloud data storage and exchanges of information between data repositories used by hosted applications. Its goal is to enable reuse of software for diverse application scenarios requiring the same datasets. API methods support definition of storage "destinations" and configuration of application "products" that use the data, along with provisioning to connect the two. Methods also support CRUD (create, read, update, delete) control for products managed by the service.
Phone.com	Telephony Business, Cloud 	The Phone.com API integrates virtual business phone functionalities such as HD Voice, conferencing, chat calls, group messaging, SMS, and Fax. The API can be used to make local, long distance, and international calls with a clear connection. The Phone.com API is REST based and returns information in JSON format. 3 pricing options are available and all plans include toll-free number, integrated mobile app and unlimited users.
PiCloud	Cloud Application Development	PiCloud allows users to run computationally expensive operations over the cloud. Developers dealing with local performance bottlenecks can upload their projects to PiCloud and take advantage of their thousands of cores of on-demand processing power. Through the use of PiCloud's RESTful API, developers can connect any development environment to PiCloud directly over HTTP. Their documentation contains request and response examples for connecting to the PiCloud web service using CURL. The API also supports the input of binary data, as well as batched queries. Clients can choose from a variety of plans with rates that are determined by CPU core type and are prorated to the millisecond.
Pixfizz	Platform-as-a-Service Cloud, Graphics, Integration, Printing	The Pixfizz API allows developers to integrate with a wide range of options such as payment gateways, e-commerce, social media, workflow, marketing automation and mobile apps. Developers can either integrate their application directly using one of Pixfizz's plug-ins or building their own plug-in.
PlanMill	Enterprise Customer Relationship Management, Management, Cloud, ERP	Planmill offers cloud based CRM, ERP, PROJECT and PSA. The Planmill API lets developers exchange information between third party applications and Planmill. Examples of applications that can be integrated with Planmill include accounting, CMS and store and social media apps. The API gives users access to the most common functionality of the service. It uses RESTful calls and responses are formatted in JSON. Full documentation is not publicly available.
Platform.sh	Cloud DevOps, Hosting, Platform-as-a-Service	The Platform.sh API helps developers to host web applications on the cloud, allowing to build and deploy with Git, SSH, CLI, and REST architecture. Configuration is available in routes, services, and apps and wrapper languages include PHP, Node.js, Python, Ruby, and Java.
Platform9	Cloud Developers	The Platform9 REST API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Platform9 with other applications and to create new applications. Some example API methods include managing resources, accessing resources, and creating new stacks. Platform9 provides solutions to build and manage OpenStack private clouds.
Point Cloud Library	3D Cloud, Printing, Scanning	The Point Cloud Library API provides developers a way to integrate PCL services into their applications, enabling their applications to process data on the cloud. The Point Cloud Library (PCL) is a large scale, open project for point cloud processing. A point cloud is a set of data points in a 2D or 3D coordinate system.
Positronics	Restaurants Applications, B2B, Cloud, eCommerce, Food, Sales	Positronics provides businesses/restaurants a way to connect to Point-of-Sale (POS) systems, to build applications, extract data, and more. The Positronics API lets developers integrate their applications with its services, to connect with POS systems, extract data, and integrate with other online services.
Postman Run Button	API Design API Management, Cloud   	The Postman Run Button API allows access to API development features. Language in JavaScript enables developers to create, replace, and delete a programming environment in the cloud. API Keys available for access.
PowerFolder	Storage Hosting, Cloud	The service provides online storage management, via either installed software or a hosted software as a service (SaaS) platform. Both installed and cloud offerings provide traditional file and data storage functions such as folder management, user account and permissions management, and document placement, versioning, backup, and deletion. API methods provide basic create-read-update-delete (CRUD) control of data objects such as folders and document files stored on the system. Methods also support managing user accounts and their permission levels for stored data objects, such as adding users to access lists for a folder or removing them. Companion APIs allow distributed authoring via WebDAV and content licensing.
PrintNode	Printing Cloud, PDF	The PrintNode API simplifies the process of integrating remote cloud printing into your application. In order to print remotely, one can use the PrintNode API to host a PDF (called a PrintJob) on the PrintNode Server, and then transmit it to any computer with client-side PrintNode software installed and a unique PrintNode ID obtained through account creation. Documentation, code libraries, and a control panel exist to help developers integrate the service into their applications and monitor activity.
Prisma Image Analysis	Images Art, Artificial Intelligence, Cloud, Content, Developers, Machine Learning, Mobile, Models, Recognition 	The Prisma API is vision technologies that enable developers and businesses to understand and modify the content of an image, by encapsulating machine learning models for iOS and Android apps or Cloud. Prisma is a system to control your research workflow that enables you to develop and integrate powerful and fast deep learning models into your app, by using just a few lines of code. It transforms your photos into artworks using the styles of famous artists such as: Van Gogh, Picasso, Levitan and more.
Procore Connect	Project Management Business, Cloud 	The Connect API allows developers to connect with company and project level resources of the Procore platform. OAuth 2 is the preferred authentication model. The Procore Connect API offers a cloud based project management environment designed for construction firms. Procore is headquartered in Carpinteria, California.
ProfitBricks REST	Storage Backup, Cloud, Hosting 	ProfitBricks REST API creates duplicate options that are available in the provider's visual Data Center Designer (DCD) tool. This API supports creating and defining configuration for a virtual data center and controlling activities of the servers established there. ProfitBricks REST API also support managing data storage space, load balancing functions, firewall restrictions, and domain name mapping. The service provides hosting and storage resources via the infrastructure as a service (IaaS) model. It allows users to create and configure virtual data centers, including a visual designer tool to simplify and automate the process. Functions include data storage and backup as well as cloud-based application hosting.
ProfitBricks SOAP	Storage Backup, Cloud, Hosting	ProfitBricks SOAP API creates duplicate options that are available in the provider's visual Data Center Designer (DCD) tool. This API supports creating and defining configuration for a virtual data center and controlling activities of the servers established there. ProfitBricks SOAP API also support managing data storage space, load balancing functions, firewall restrictions, and domain name mapping. Requests must conform to XML schema and responses are in SOAP. Authentication is over TLS using basic authentication. The service provides hosting and storage resources via ththe infrastructure as a service (IaaS) model. It allows users to create and configure virtual data centers, including a visual designer tool to simplify and automate the process. Functions include data storage and backup as well as cloud-based application hosting.
Proximity Beacon	Data Bluetooth, Cloud, Location, Networking, Wireless	The Proximity Beacon API aids cloud-based registration of beacons and facilitates the attachment of the corresponding data of the beacons. The API operates as a component of the Bluetooth low energy (BLE) beacon platform that deploys RESTful endpoints to process the corresponding data of the BLE beacons. It is also flexible to a variety of beacon technologies including Google’s Eddystone and Apple’s iBeacon, an attribute that makes it accommodative to apps anchored on android, iOS, and web platforms. Proximity Beacon API conveys requests and responses in JSON format.
Proximus EnCo Address Autocomplete	Internet of Things Big Data, Cloud, Telephony 	The Proximus EnCo Address Autocomplete API sends partial street names and locality names, aiming to use autocomplete as efficiency source. Developers can send HTTP GET requests to receive JSON responses in return. Use token to authenticate. Proximus is a telecom and mobile communications company based in Belgium. Proximus EnCo is a developer platform focused on APIs for telecom, IoT, BigData, and more.
Proximus EnCo Address Scoring	Internet of Things Addresses, Cloud, Directories 	The Proximus EnCo Address Scoring API integrates directory data such as street names, localities, and addresses. Available in JSON architecture with its respective HTTP requests. Token is required to authenticate. Proximus is a telecom and mobile communications company based in Belgium. Proximus EnCo is a developer platform focused on APIs for telecom, IoT, BigData, and more.
Proximus EnCo Device & Sensor	Internet of Things Big Data, Cloud, Telephony 	The Proximus EnCo Device & Sensor API integrates an information collection of devices and sensors. Token is required to authenticate. HTTP GET requests retrieve JSON responses in return. Proximus is a telecom and mobile communications company based in Belgium. Proximus EnCo is a developer platform focused on APIs for telecom, IoT, BigData, and more.
Proximus EnCo Keys	Internet of Things Big Data, Cloud, Telephony 	The Proximus EnCo Keys API retrieves LoRa internet of things keys, also available in the developer portal. JSON responses are returned after developers send HTTP requests, previously authorizing with token. Proximus is a telecom and mobile communications company based in Belgium. Proximus EnCo is a developer platform focused on APIs for telecom, IoT, BigData, and more.
Proximus EnCo Sensor Value	Internet of Things Big Data, Cloud, Telephony 	The Proximus EnCo Sensor Value API retrieves sensor data for devices registered in a user account. Developers can access with token to send HTTP GET requests to receive JSON responses in return. Proximus is a telecom and mobile communications company based in Belgium. Proximus EnCo is a developer platform focused on APIs for telecom, IoT, BigData, and more.
Proximus EnCo Smartliving.io	Internet of Things Big Data, Cloud, European, Telephony 	The Proximus EnCo Smartliving.io API integrates internet of things into applications. Based in Belgium, Proximus presents EnCo as the enabling company to developers interested in coding new applications. With this reason, they provide HTTP requests to receive JSON responses via endpoints available on the documentation site. Proximus is a telecom and mobile communications company based in Belgium. Proximus EnCo is a developer platform focused on APIs for telecom, IoT, BigData, and more.
Proximus EnCo Status	Internet of Things Big Data, Cloud, Telephony 	The Proximus EnCo Status API integrates the status of SEaaS related to the internet of things applications available in LoRa network. HTTP requests are available to receive JSON responses in return. Proximus is a telecom and mobile communications company based in Belgium. Proximus EnCo is a developer platform focused on APIs for telecom, IoT, BigData, and more.
PubNub JavaScript Push	Messaging Notifications, Search, Cloud 	PubNub is a cloud-based, real-time messaging service that functions on mobile phones, tablets, TVs, HTML5 web browsers and game consoles. It is a Push technology intended specifically for high-message-volume applications and games. The JavaScript API allows users to set up, operate, and send notifications from the cloud.
PureCloud Platform	Cloud Engagement 	The PureCloud Platform API allows developers to control their own PureCloud Environment. Developers can access system configuration, conversations, and other functions. PureCloud is available in four regions (North America, Australia/New Zealand, E.U. [Ireland], and Japan.), and requests are made by using the correct region in which the customer is located. This API uses OAuth 2 for authentication, and JSON for responses. Interactive Intelligence is an IT firm based in Indiana.
PureCloud Web Services Data Dip Connector	Cloud Engagement 	The PureCloud Web Services Data Dip Connector API is used to tie the connector for PureCloud with a web service provider and a third-party system (for example, a CRM or a database). This API supports the creation of connector groups, publication of actions, and routing of requests. This connector works with valid JSON schemas. Interactive Intelligence is an IT firm based in Indiana.
Pushingbox	Cloud Notifications, Tools	PushingBox is cloud notification service. It connects an array of usersâ€™ digital notification services, such as email, Twitter, Toasty, and more to receive alerts for predetermined actions. These actions are called scenarios, and can linked to anything from the doorbell ringing to receiving emails. Their API exposes the integrative functionality of the PushingBox service.
Put.io	Storage Cloud 	The Put.io API offers a storage service that fetches media files and lets you stream them immediately. It features a library in Python via the JSON protocol.
PwnedList	Security Cloud, Database	PwnedList maintains an online database of stolen credentials, allowing users to secure vulnerable accounts before they become victims of fraud. PwnedList provides customers with database access through a RESTful API, allowing developers to automate interaction with the list for dynamic updates.
QingCloud	Storage Cloud, Hosting 	The QingCloud API offers access to a cloud-based hosting service based in Beijing, China. QingCloud supports SDN/NFV 1.0 and 2.0 for networking, high performance and high capacity volumes for storage, database and cache services, big data platform services integration, and enhanced security measures. QingCloud offers several billing plans which are charged by the second (“Billing by Seconds”).
Qloudstat	Cloud Analytics, Charts, Graphics	Qloudstat API enables developers to analyze and monitor access logs in Amazon S3, Amazon CloudFront, Amazon ELB, Google Cloud Storage and Rackspace CloudFiles (Akamai CDN). This API also let developers to choose between types of presentation for their statistics. The different formats include chart, timeline, table, and geographical map.
Qualys	Cloud Compliance, Media, Reporting, Scanning, Security, Social	Qualys provides cloud security and compliance solutions, Qualys API allows developers to support their network by integrating it into their own applications. With this API, developers will be able to set up networks, organize assets, scanning and reporting.
QualysGuard	Security Compliance, Cloud	QualysGuard Cloud is an information security and compliance solution. QualysGuard applications include vulnerability management, policy compliance, web application scanning, malware detection and Qualys SECURE Seal for security testing of web sites. The QualysGuard API enables developers to integrate all aspects of the QualysGuard automated solution into their applications via an extensible XML interface.
QuickBase	Platform-as-a-Service Applications, Automation, B2B, Cloud, Collaboration, Enterprise, Integration, Project Management, Spreadsheets  	QuickBase is a low-code platform that unifies IT and Business to quickly & easily build, iterate, and maintain highly scalable business productivity applications with right-sized governance and control. The QuickBase HTTP API enables developers to extend platform functionality by creating robust integrations with other external solutions.
QuickFuse	Telephony Cloud, Voice, Voice 	QuickFuse is a unique voice application editor and platform that’s controlled from a web browser. Voice applications built on the QuickFuse platform are assembled by "snapping together" components from a library of visual application models that cover the requirements of IVR, messaging, telephony applications and data management. The QuickFuse service is provided in the cloud and is accessible to developers and non-technical business users. The QuickFuse API uses REST, SOAP and CSV for uploading and downloading data. Speech recognition and text-to-speech are controlled through various application modules.
Rackspace Auto Scale	Cloud	Rackspace Auto Scale is a web service that automatically scales resources in response to an increase or decrease in overall workload based on user-defined policies. The Rackspace Auto Scale API lets developers integrate its service with their applications; this API is REST based, and uses token-based authentication system.
Rackspace CDN	Cloud Content	Rackspace CDN (content Delivery Network) gives individuals the power to accelerate content on any public resource at Rackspace. The Rackspace CDN API lets developers integrate its service with their applications; this API is REST based, and uses token-based authentication system.
Rackspace Cloud Backup	Cloud Backup	Rackspace Cloud Backup is a file-based backup application that lets users to choose which files and folders to back up from their cloud server. The Rackspace Cloud Backup API lets developers integrate this feature with their applications; this API is REST based, and uses token-based authentication system.
Rackspace Cloud Big Data	Big Data Cloud	Rackspace Cloud Big Data is an on-demand Apache Hadoop service on the Rackspace open cloud. The Rackspace Cloud Big Data API lets developers integrate its service with their applications; this API is REST based, and uses token-based authentication system.
Rackspace Cloud Block Storage	Storage Cloud, Hosting	Rackspace Cloud Block Storage delivers storage performance for I/O-intensive applications. The storage is offered in two capacities, one for standard volumes and one for SSD volumes. Cloud Block Storage (CBS) allows users to extend the storage capacity of their Next Generation Server without the need for increasing Server power. Users can interact with CBS programmatically via an API. The API uses RESTful calls and responses are formatted in XML and JSON.
Rackspace Cloud Databases	Cloud Database	Rackspace Cloud Databases is a managed database service based on Openstack. The Rackspace Cloud Databases API lets developers integrate its service with their applications; this API is REST based, and uses token-based authentication system.
Rackspace Cloud DNS	Cloud Domains	Rackspace Cloud DNS is a free BETA service offered as a set of API operations to manage user domains, sub-domains, and resource records. The API can be used to both create and import domains into a Rackspace Cloud account. Users can also list, add, modify, and remove domains and records as needed. The API uses RESTful calls and responses are formatted in XML and JSON.
Rackspace Cloud Feeds	Cloud Feeds	Rackspace Cloud Feeds is a software service that enables customers on the public cloud to access near real-time usage and system events that can be used for analysis, monitoring, and automation. The Rackspace Cloud Feeds API lets developers integrate their applications with its service; this API is REST based, and uses token-based authentication system.
Rackspace Cloud Files	Storage Cloud 	Rackspace Cloud Files is an online file and media storage service. Cloud Files provides private or public file "containers" and media files are served via integration with the Akamai Content Delivery Network. The Cloud Files API allows developers to upload files programmatically, enable Cloud Files CDN integration on any container for public distribution, create Containers programmatically, retrieve lists of containers and files, and more. The API uses the RESTful protocol and returns responses in XML and JSON.
Rackspace Cloud Images	Cloud Authentication, Images	Rackspace Cloud Images is a service that enables users to create and manipulate images, image members, and associated metadata. The Rackspace Cloud Images API lets developers integrate its service with their applications; this API is REST based, and uses token-based authentication system.
Rackspace Cloud Load Balancers	Cloud Hosting	The Rackspace Cloud Load Balancers let users automatically deploy and scale an on-demand load balancing solution. With the API, users can define name, protocol, port, algorithm, and which servers in which regions need load balancing. The API uses RESTful calls and responses are formatted in XML JSON and ATOM.
Rackspace Cloud Metrics	Cloud Analytics, Dashboards, Reporting	Rackspace Cloud Metrics is a software service that enables users to ingest, condense, and query various kinds of metrics. The Rackspace Cloud Metrics API lets developers integrate their applications with its service, enabling their users to iterate through the data with queries, and to set up dashboard metrics. The API is REST based, and uses token-based authentication system.
Rackspace Cloud Monitoring	Monitoring Cloud	Rackspace Cloud Monitoring is a service that analyzes cloud services and dedicated infrastructure. The Rackspace Cloud Monitoring API lets developers integrate its service with their applications; this API is REST based, and uses token-based authentication system.
Rackspace Cloud Networks	Cloud Networking	Rackspace Cloud Networks gives users a way to create isolated networks and provision server instances with Rackspace networks, or with the isolated networks that they create. The Rackspace Cloud Networks API lets developers integrate its service with their applications; this API is REST based, and uses token-based authentication system.
Rackspace Cloud Neutron	Cloud Networking	Rackspace Cloud Neutron API allows developers to create isolated networks and provision instances with Rackspace networks, or with the networks that they create. This is a RESTful API that uses all aspects of the HTTP protocol.
Rackspace Cloud Orchestration	Cloud	Rackspace Cloud Orchestration is the Rackspace orchestration, and application architecture management service. The Rackspace Cloud Orchestration API lets developers integrate its service with their applications; this API is REST based, and uses token-based authentication system.
Rackspace Cloud Queues	Cloud Notifications	Rackspace Cloud Queues is an open source, scalable message and notifications service. The Rackspace Cloud Queues API lets developers integrate its service with their applications; this API is REST based, and uses token-based authentication system.
Rackspace Cloud Servers	Cloud Hosting 	Rackspace Cloud Servers is a cloud based platform of on demand virtualized servers. The API can be used to interact with the Cloud Servers instead of using the online control panel. Features of the API include the ability to reboot and rebuild servers, create custom images, schedule backups of servers, share IPs and more. The API uses RESTful calls and responses are formatted in XML and JSON.
Rackspace RackConnect	Cloud Business, Data, Hosting, Networking, Security 	The RackConnect API is designed for Rackspace cloud accounts and Rackspace's hybrid connectivity solution connecting dedicated and cloud servers. Rackspace is a managed cloud company that provides a way to create a resilient environment for your business-critical apps and data with built in multiple layers of redundancy. Rackspace is a global public cloud infrastructure and managed service provider that specializes in physical security, power, cooling and networks that are each at least N+1 redundant.
ReadyCloud	eCommerce Applications, Calendars, Cloud, Contacts, Customer Relationship Management, Integration, Reporting, Shipping  	The ReadyCloud API provides read and write access to Orders, Boxes, Items, Addresses and all the other major data stored and processed by ReadyCloud. It is a JSON based RESTful API that includes; Group tracking, Group Shipping Documents, Packaging and more. ReadyCloud is a global ecommerce CRM solution with built in shipping and returns integrations.
ReadyCloud Webhooks	eCommerce Applications, Calendars, Cloud, Contacts, Customer Relationship Management, Integration, Reporting, Shipping  	The ReadyCloud Webhooks API provides access to ReadyCloud’s data for use in 3rd party applications that includes; Retrieve a list of registered Webhooks, Retrieve a single Webhook by ID, Register a new Webhook and more. ReadyCloud is a global ecommerce CRM solution with built in shipping and returns integrations.
Redbooth	Collaboration API, Application Development, Business, Cloud, Enterprise, Project Management   	Redbooth is a collaboration and communication platform with a publicly available API with the following key features: (1) OAuth support (2) Flat structure, both in the input and output (3) Supports pagination and partial response for enhanced performance (4) Specific error reporting (5) Developer portal with full documentation and a testing console (6) Code snippets to quick-start developers
RedLine13 Load Testing	Cloud Application Development, Management, Testing	The RedLine Load Testing API uses basic HTTP requests and accommodates your own load test agent - JMeter, Gatling, Node, or PHP. Use of the API requires a RedLine Professional account and an API Key. This RedLine API allows you to set up load testing instances for your Amazon Web Services account. It is offered as "almost" free since set ups is free and users are only charged on spot instances.
Refinder	Search Storage, Cloud	The service provides search and retrieval across multiple storage and data repositories to identify items in different locations that have relevance to a common topic or project. Users can link files stored in local and cloud storage platforms, calendar items, social network posts, and other kinds of content created and held in separate locations. Retrieval then gathers linked items to support work to which they all relate. API methods support creation of a unique identifier (URI) for "things" of many types, including notes, bookmarks, files, locations, people, organizations, etc. Each identifier is linked to others with some shared relevance for the user, along with location that allows retrieval. Linked things can then be retrieved together, wherever they may be stored or physically located.
Reincubate Cloud Data	Cloud Application Development, Backup, Data, Data-as-a-Service, Integration, Law, Open Data, Police, Real Time, Streaming 	Reincubate's Cloud Data API provides access to application and user data across various platforms, from Apple's iCloud to Google's Android and Microsoft's Skype. The Cloud API makes app data readily accessible to developers, integrators and investigators. It solves the most important API-led data connectivity and integration challenges, providing functionality for extraction, manipulation and recovery of data from platforms that are meaningful for business.
Reincubate iCloud	Cloud Application Development, Backup, Data, Integration, Law, Police, Real Time	The Reincubate iCloud API allows users to access iCloud resources for extracting, retrieving, and manipulating data from different types of iOS platforms and applications. The API accommodates large data volumes in addition to supporting the arrangement of events and real time accessibility of data. It also operates as a RESTful API that transmits responses in JSON format. The Reincubate iCloud API is useful in a variety of spheres, including application development, point-of-sale integrations, and corporate data management compliance as well as law enforcement forensics and investigations. This API is compatible with iCloud backups that are based on iOS 9 and iOS 10 beta CloudKit apps as well as backups that are built with A9X chipsets.
Relayr	Application Development Cloud, Internet of Things, Prototype	Relayr is an OpenSensor Cloud Platform that allows people to create applications for the physical world around them. The Relayr API provides developers programmatic access to all entities available on the relayr platform. These entities include users, devices, device models, publishers, transmitters, and apps. With this API, developers will be able to develop applications that can 'sense' the environment.
repl.it Code Evaluation	Application Development Browsers, Cloud, Education, Integration	The repl.it Code Evaluation API allows developers to run codes in builder applications or browsers. It provides two distinctive interface options; the HTTP interface and Websocket interface. The HTTP interface allows a user to execute a particular code or numerous files using single API calls. The Websocket interface, on the other hand, facilitates the execution of codes in stateful environments. This makes it possible for users to alternate the calls for defining and accessing variables. The repl.it Code Evaluation API stands out as a secure, multi-lingual, and interactive cloud-compliant solution that is flexible to a variety of devices and platforms. Its paid packages include the Standard Plan, Unlimited Plan, and Large Plan that charge monthly costs of $149, $300, and $1,300, respectively. There is also a free plan, although it offers limited runs compared tot eh paid options. The API is a full release and is accompanied by sufficient documentation.
RevelDigital	Enterprise Cloud	RevelDigital offers web based software providing all the tools necessary to run a successful signage network, including content creation, user management, and reporting. The RevelDigital API allows developers to access player status, reports, schedules, and other account information through a RESTful interface.
RICOH Cloud Live Streaming	Cloud Audio, Real Time, Video, WebRTC	The RICOH Cloud Live Streaming API supports the live streaming of video and audio content. Use the API to embed the live streaming features for video and audio content.
RightNow Connect	Storage Customer Service, Cloud, Customer Relationship Management	Service Oriented Architecture for integrating with the RightNow CX customer service and cloud storage platform. The system attempts to unify disparate recordkeeping systems to allow shared information exchanges across all channels of interactions. The API supports access to functions for a customer service agent desktop and reporting dashboard. The service also provides for customer account analytics and reporting, tracking services provided, and customer portal functions.
RightScale Cloud Analytics	Cloud Analytics 	The RightScale Cloud Analytics API allows developers to get cost and usage metrics for cloud accounts connected to RightScale. RightScale is a cloud provider and cloud management service that allows users to link public and private clouds, provide self-service cloud access, and control cloud visibility and policies. RightScale is highly available and comes with automated scaling.
RightScale Cloud Management	Cloud Management 	The RightScale Cloud Management API allows developers to speed up application delivery, control cloud usage and expenditures, and ensure application SLAs. RightScale is a cloud provider and cloud management service that allows users to link public and private clouds, provide self-service cloud access, and control cloud visibility and policies. RightScale is highly available and comes with automated scaling.
RightScale Cloud Pricing	Cloud Data, Prices	The RightScale Cloud Pricing API is a service for developers that provides a single source of pricing data for all public clouds supported by RightScale and all private clouds registered across your RightScale accounts. RightScale is a cloud provider and cloud management service that allows users to link public and private clouds, provide self-service cloud access, and control cloud visibility and policies. RightScale is highly available and comes with automated scaling.
RightScale Self-Service	Cloud 	The RightScale Self-Service API gives users access to the Designer API, Catalog API, and Manager API. Taken together, they allow users to prepare, launch, and manage CloudApps. RightScale is a cloud provider and cloud management service that allows users to link public and private clouds, provide self-service cloud access, and control cloud visibility and policies. RightScale is highly available and comes with automated scaling.
RingCentral RingOut	Telephony Cloud, Enterprise	RingCentral provides cloud based phone systems which allow companies to break from legacy phone systems and utilize RingCentral's business phone system with fax and voice services. A few of the services offered include: auto-receptionist functionality, a flexible extension structure, multiple voicemail boxes, intelligent call routing, ability to use extension dialing, transfers, and enhanced smartphone integration. The API allows customers to employ RingOut services from a third party application. Through a GET or POST call, four services: list, call, status, and cancel are accesible. HTTP Cookies must be stored by customers and used on future calls.
Ritc	Tools Cloud, Integration, Application Development	Ritc is a rule engine API that allows you to use rules to add functionality to your cloud applications and services. The Ritc API offers a way to integrate and automate cloud services and SAAS applications into apps, processes and workflows. The API is organized around 6 resources: rules, triggers, actions, channels, channel functions, and users. The API uses RESTful principles and authenticates API calls using HTTP Basic Auth over HTTPS.
Rollbase hosted service	Office Cloud	Rollbase is a cloud platform for creation of software as a service (SaaS) business applications using point-and-click, drag-and-drop tools in a standard web-browser. Most applications can be built by business analysts and web developers without requiring a team of more advanced developers.
S3Bubble	Streaming Audio, Cloud, Content, Content Management, Monetization, Video	The S3 Bubble is a cloud storage and media streaming service that syncs with an Amazon Web Services API. Through storing, selling, and streaming media S3Bubble states they are a revenue generating service. Currently in production, the API is meant to give users and developers more control in implementing the S3Bubble plugins.
SaasGrid	Tools Enterprise, Office, Cloud	Use the SaasGrid API to access a platform for developing your Web apps. Similarly to how an operating system abstracts intricacies away from the apps it hosts, SaaSGrid tries to abstract many functions away from apps it hosts. SaaSGrid is made by Apprenda for its ISVs and gives you standard SaaS architecture items such as multi-tenancy, scalability, and automatic provisioning as part of the platform.
Saba People Cloud	Enterprise Office, Cloud, Social	Saba People Cloud is a social enterprise platform that provides social collaboration, performance management, learning, and web conferencing tools. Users can communicate with their coworkers, partners, and customers using a variety of methods, including activity streams, groups, public discussions, and blogs. Real-time collaboration is permitted by chat, HD video meetings, and desktop sharing. Users can also exchange ideas with members of their extended network and use popular vote to choose one for a new initiative. Saba People Cloud is a subscription-based service. It comes with an API for importing information into the Cloud. The API's specifics are not publicly available.
Salesforce Heroku Connect	Application Development Cloud, Database, Hosting, Sales 	The Heroku Connect API is an application development platform, and is used to exchange data between a Salesforce organization and a Heroku Postgres database. It can be used to sync accounts, and custom objects from Salesforce. This REST API responds in JSON format, and uses OAuth version 2.0 for authentication. Salesforce is based in San Francisco, and develops CRM software.
Salesforce.com Data.com Search	Enterprise Big Data, Cloud, Customer Relationship Management, Data, Database, Search	The Salesforce.com Data.com Search API allows users to locate contact and company details from the Data.com database. The API’s search functionality is powered by Datacloud objects. Its daily calls are restricted to a user’s 24-hour rolling quota. A calls quota is allocated on the basis of the user’s license, with each Data.com Prospector License offering a maximum of 1,000 daily calls. The API formats requests and responses in the SOQL (Salesforce Object Query Language) format.
Salesforce.com Marketing Cloud	Enterprise Campaigns, Cloud, Contacts, Content, Marketing, Mobile	Developers using the Salesforce.com Marketing Cloud API can deploy either its SOAP or REST interface. The SOAP interface is useful for accessing the API’s email functionalities such as tracking, subscriptions, sends, and content. When deploying the SOAP interface, code libraries are used to convert relevant programming languages into SOAP envelopes in turn facilitate data transmission between a user and the Marketing Cloud API. The API’s REST interface is useful for accessing its overall marketing cloud functionalities that include: contacts, content, journey builder, campaigns, and mobile push. The REST interface conveys requests and responses in JSON format. Both the REST and SOAP interfaces of the Marketing Cloud API share the OAuth 2.0 authentication mechanism.
SandCage	Images Backup, Cloud, Conversions, File Sharing, Infrastructure-as-a-Service, Media, Optimization, Performance, Photos, Software-as-a-Service, Storage, Upload, Video 	SandCage offers a dedicated infrastructure as a service integration focused on website optimization, and file handling. Developers can integrate with SandCage to solve scalability, redundancy, and performance problems. The SandCage API is used to schedule tasks, obtain information, and list and destroy files. This API is REST based, services are called over HTTP POST, and responds in JSON.
Satori RTM	Data Cloud, Messaging  	The Satori RTM API offers a cloud-based, real-time managed messaging platform that uses a "wire protocol" to enable communication between 2 ends. The API allows users to subscribe to specific channels in order to receive a stream of messages. Data is exchanged with JSON objects. Satori is a firm based in California that provides live data products.
SavvisStation	Storage Cloud, Hosting	The service provides an online storage and application hosting platform controlled either from a proprietary account portal or via API methods. It supports uploading, updating, retrieving, and deleting online resources under a user account. A dashboard is offered for managing resources hosted by the service. API methods support listing and mapping customer portal functionality available to an application, including the customer reporting and control dashboard. Methods also support initiating, listing, and tracking portal events related to a user account, along with opening and tracking action tickets with the service's customer support function.
Scalarium	Cloud Hosting	Scalarium is a cloud hosting service that aims to help fulfill their clients' hosting needs through server management and associated services. Scalarium's servers are hosting using Amazon's EC2 cloud platform. Scalarium offers auto-scaling, server monitoring, logging and reporting, and technical support. A range of pricing options are available, as users pay per server per hour based on server type. The Scalarium API is a RESTful web service that exposes the functionality for managing and interacting with their servers. Users can list and create clouds, create and run instances, list and deploy applications, and gather status and logs at a per instance level.
Scaleway	Cloud Infrastructure-as-a-Service 	The Scaleway API allows developers to manage servers and resources in a programmatic way using conventional HTTP requests. All features found in the web control panel are also available through the API. Scaleway is a laaS provider that offers an ARM based cloud.
Scality	Storage Cloud	Scality accessors are software APIs that communicate with an application and enable storage virtualization. Scality supports multiple accessors such as RESTful APIs which allow for the development of other purpose-built accessors. Scality is the developer of RING, a software platform enabling cloud storage to easily scale up to exabytes using commodity server hardware with direct attached storage. Scality is typically used for private clouds (especially backup, video and file sharing, media archive, healthcare, genomics and geophysics), for public clouds (StaaS), for SaaS applications (webmail) and for Web 2.0 services. Public documentation of the API is not available.
Scalr	Hosting Cloud, Webhooks	Scalr is a cloud hosting system that allows developers to scale their applications quickly in times of traffic surges. The Scalr API provides access to much of the functionality in the Scalr platform. Use the API to programmatically update DNS zone files, create Apache virtual hosts, provide details about server farms and launch/terminate farms. Additionally, you can control individual servers (launch, reboot, terminate and copy from an image), execute scripts and access various logs and analytics.
SCORM Cloud	Education Cloud	The Shareable Content Object Reference Model(SCORM) defines a specific way of constructing Learning Management Systems and training content so that they work well with other SCORM conformant systems. SCORM Cloud takes advantage of the cloud to let you deliver courses wherever you need to. Your courses sit in the cloud, just waiting for SCORM Cloud to call them. And because they're out in the cloud rather than stuck in your LMS, SCORM Cloud can call them out to any service where you want to deliver your training.
Scorocode	Application Development Backend, Cloud 	The Scorocode API offers a cloud based backend that features user and session management, data modeling with visual interface, visual analytics, and notifications. Developers can quickly access data structures for collections and fields, connect event triggers, and access statistics. The API is free for small applications, but is limited to 20 calls per second.
SDL Language Cloud Translation	Tools Cloud, Language, Translation, Documents, Text	SDL is an industry leader in translation and related technology, and provides customer experience optimization services, including analysis, strategy, management and delivery of web content, documentation, and marketing materials, to facilitate communication between businesses and their customers worldwide. Depending on price, quality, and timeling requirements, the REST-based SDL Language Cloud Translation API can provide a text-based information translation service to end users, by either machines or human translators. Developers may translate up to one million characters each month for free using machine translation in sandbox mode.
Seattle Clearinghouse	Cloud Reference	Seattle is the name of a platform for networking and distributed systems research. The Seattle Clearinghouse website can be used to share resources with other users or to obtain resources for one's own project. The Seattle network's global distribution makes it useful for working with applications such as cloud computing, peer-to-peer networking, mobile computing, and distributed systems. For clients wishing to access Seattle Clearinghouse's functionality without going through the website, an XML-RPC API is available.
SecureSocial	Social Cloud, Security, Identity, Security, Privacy	SecureSocial is a cloud based social and global identity platform that focuses on security and privacy for its users. Message and document content is secure, even from service operators. SecureSocial Identities are represented by a public key and an encrypted private key to securely identify users. The SecureSocial API allows applications to manage identities, content, and messages. The API accepts HTTP calls and authenticates using an encryption process built around a SHA-256 hash and a userâ€™s SecureSocial private key.
Semaphore CI	Application Development Cloud, Collaboration, DevOps  	The Semaphore API offers an out of the box CI server designed to hasten deployment processes. Developers need only to push newly updated code to the cloud to test it, then Semaphore deploys the code with Docker for continuous delivery. The API requires JSON formatted input and output. Semaphore offers several plans for deployment, and a 30 day trial is also available.
Sense	Cloud Analytics, Big Data, Data	Sense API provides developers the ability to access data, trigger jobs, and manage worker dashboards. Sense is a cloud platform that lets users collaborate and share their data in a quick and safe way. It enables data connectivity to Amazon's S3, Redshift, DynamoDB, and Hadoop EMR services.
Sensorbis	Internet of Things Charts, Cloud, Mapping, Monitoring, Notifications, Visualizations 	The Sensorbis API manages data of devices, sensors, and channels of Sensorbis, a cloud system to acquire and collect telemetry, visualize it in real-time on maps and charts, and send e-mail notifications. Developers can send callbacks through JSON format and authenticate via HTTP basic method. Sensorbis is a telemetry cloud system to manage Internet of Things devices and sensors.
Sequence	Accounting Blockchain, Cloud, Software-as-a-Service 	The Sequence API offers a cloud-based ledger which allows companies to focus on product development and delivery. Sequence can be integrated with mobile wallets, lending platforms, payment services, asset managers, and more. Calls require an API Key. The company behind Sequence, Chain Inc, offers services that bring blockchain networks to market.
SerialStamper	Security Copyright, Cloud	SerialStamper is a simple RESTful API for registering files, which are then digitally timestamped and available for download. Utilizing Safe Creative registration services with its system, files are digitally timestamped by Safe Creative and other timestamping authorities and then copied and stored in the cloud. SerialStamper also includes a timestamping feature where developers can send a hash and receive a digital encoded timestamp response issued by Safe Creative Time Stamp Authority (TSA). In order to use the SerilaStamper API services developers need an authorization key to identify who they are within an organization and a authorization private key to sign the requests.
ServiceNow	Customer Service API Management, Cloud, Support  	The service provides hosting, online storage, and a general platform for IT service management. The API allows applications to integrate general platform management functions, and to automate some business processes. API methods implement direct listing from and control of database tables via SOAP requests. Methods also support interaction with Import Sets. Strict security measures implement WS-Security 1.1 using WSS X.509 Token Profile and WSS Username Token Profile.
Sfax	Fax Cloud, Security	Sfax (Secure Fax) is a secure, cloud-based faxing service, particularly for healthcare providers and hospitals, as well as other industries that require secure faxing. Sfax is HIPAA compliant. The Sfax API allows developers to integrate Sfax functionality into other applications. Some example API methods include sending faxes, managing contacts, managing sales information, and billing information. Public documentation is not available; interested developers should inquire here: https://www.sfaxme.com/by-product/sfax-api/integration-inquiry/.
Shanje Control Service	Storage Hosting, Cloud	The service provides web hosting and storage both for site owners and for resellers of hosting services implemented via the provider's hardware platform. It gives access to control panel and configuration functions using SOAP protocols to implement features like customer signup forms that establish user accounts and provision resources on the platform. Other functions include creating and configuring resources to support a new website and establishing files and other storage structures to provide the content. API methods support creating of new customer accounts under an established reseller account, including new email addresses and login credentials. Methods also support listing and selection of hosting plans and configuration according to plan provisions to establish storage and access permissions for customer self-management of contracted hosting resources.
ShepHertz App42 Cloud App Analytics	Analytics Cloud	The ShepHertz App42 Cloud App Analytics API allows developers to measure the number of API calls, to analyze storage consumed by their app, and more. ShepHertz Technologies is a cloud company that specializes in many aspects of data management.
ShepHertz App42 Cloud Buddy Management	Cloud	The ShepHertz App42 Cloud Buddy Management API allows developers to create social media applications on mobile devices. ShepHertz Technologies is a cloud company that specializes in many aspects of data management.
ShepHertz App42 Cloud Catalogue	Catalogs Cloud	The ShepHertz App42 Cloud Catalogue API allows developers to create full fledged item inventory without any backend setup, to manage catalogue items, and more. ShepHertz Technologies is a cloud company that specializes in many aspects of data management.
ShepHertz App42 Cloud Custom Code	Cloud Application Development	The ShepHertz App42 Cloud Custom Code API allows developers to create and deploy their server side custom code, extend their app functionality, and more. ShepHertz Technologies is a cloud company that specializes in many aspects of data management.
ShepHertz App42 Cloud Ecommerce	eCommerce Application Development, Cloud	The ShepHertz App42 Cloud Ecommerce API allows developers to create shopping cart, and maintaining status of carts. ShepHertz Technologies is a cloud company that specializes in many aspects of data management.
ShepHertz App42 Cloud Email	Email Cloud	The ShepHertz App42 Cloud Email API allows developers to create multiple template for sending emails, to enable their users to send emails from their app, and more. ShepHertz Technologies is a cloud company that specializes in many aspects of data management.
ShepHertz App42 Cloud File Storage	Storage Audio, Cloud, Upload, Video	The ShepHertz App42 Cloud File Storage API allows developers to upload file in App42 Cloud with single API call, file upload supports all formats, including Audio/Video/Text. No infrastructure or server setup required. ShepHertz Technologies is a cloud company that specializes in many aspects of data management.
ShepHertz App42 Cloud Gallery	Cloud	The ShepHertz App42 Cloud Gallery API allows developers to manage their app users albums and photos on the cloud, to share uploaded photos with other app users, and more. ShepHertz Technologies is a cloud company that specializes in many aspects of data management.
ShepHertz App42 Cloud Gaming	Games Application Development, Cloud	The ShepHertz App42 Cloud Gaming API allows developers to persist their users' scores on the Shephertz's cloud, among other functions. ShepHertz Technologies is a cloud company that specializes in many aspects of data management.
ShepHertz App42 Cloud Geo Spatial	Cloud Data, Database, Linked Data, Location	The ShepHertz App42 Cloud Geo Spatial API allows developers to create their own Geo Spatial Database, to search nearby points within given radius, and insert geo points in applications. App 42 Geospatial API provides storage, retrieval, querying of geospatial data. ShepHertz Technologies is a cloud company that specializes in many aspects of data management.
ShepHertz App42 Cloud Image Processor	Images Application Development, Cloud	The ShepHertz App42 Cloud Image Processor API allows developers to resize/crop/scale an image, and also to access available converted images on the APP42 CDN Network. ShepHertz Technologies is a cloud company that specializes in many aspects of data management.
ShepHertz App42 Cloud Logging	Cloud	The ShepHertz App42 Cloud Logging API allows developers to unify logging for their app, to remotely debug their app errors, and more. ShepHertz Technologies is a cloud company that specializes in many aspects of data management.
ShepHertz App42 Cloud Message/Queue	Messaging Application Development, Chat, Cloud	The ShepHertz App42 Cloud Message/Queue API allows developers to add features i.e. asynchronous messaging o their app, creating offline chat application, and more. ShepHertz Technologies is a cloud company that specializes in many aspects of data management.
ShepHertz App42 Cloud NoSQL Storage	NoSQL Cloud, Database, Storage	The ShepHertz App42 Cloud NoSQL Storage API allows developers to create database for their app on the cloud, store app data in JSON, and more. ShepHertz Technologies is a cloud company that specializes in many aspects of data management.
ShepHertz App42 Cloud Push Notification	Notifications Cloud, Mobile	The ShepHertz App42 Cloud Push Notification API allows developers to send cross platform push messages. This API supports iOS, Android, and Windows Phone. ShepHertz Technologies is a cloud company that specializes in many aspects of data management.
ShepHertz App42 Cloud Recommendation	Cloud Application Development, Recommendations	The ShepHertz App42 Cloud Recommendation API allows developers to find similarities among users based on customer id, item id, and the preference of the customer for a particular Item. ShepHertz Technologies is a cloud company that specializes in many aspects of data management.
ShepHertz App42 Cloud Review/Rating	Application Development Cloud, Ratings	The ShepHertz App42 Cloud Review/Rating API allows developers to create review and rating on their application item. ShepHertz Technologies is a cloud company that specializes in many aspects of data management.
ShepHertz App42 Cloud Session Management	Cloud Application Development, Management	The ShepHertz App42 Cloud Session Management API allows developers to do persistent session management for native applications. ShepHertz Technologies is a cloud company that specializes in many aspects of data management.
ShepHertz App42 Cloud Social	Social Application Development, Cloud	The ShepHertz App42 Cloud Social API allows developers to give power of Social Connect to their App without any backend. This API allows users to share their status on Linkedin, Twiiter and Facebook with just one action. ShepHertz Technologies is a cloud company that specializes in many aspects of data management.
ShepHertz App42 Cloud User Management	Cloud Accounts	The ShepHertz App42 Cloud User Management API allows developers to manage their app users. ShepHertz Technologies is a cloud company that specializes in many aspects of data management.
ShutterPro	Photos Backup, Cloud, Storage, Social, Social	ShutterPro is an online, cloud photo storage and photo sharing service. ShutterPro also provides photo backup services. Users can make their photo albums public or private and can share photos across social media. The ShutterPro API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of ShutterPro with other applications and to create new applications. Some example API methods include uploading images, sharing photos, and managing account information and photo content.
Sidecar Event	Backend Cloud, Health, Internet of Things, Wearable 	Sidecar is a cloud service for Internet of Things applications. It can be used as a backend for wearable software infrastructure. The Event API is used to send and receive event data to wearable sensors. Sidecar offers 3 pricing plans; one is for testing purposes. This API is REST based, and uses Access Keys, and Shared Secret Keys for authentication. Sidecar develops wearable devices that help people optimize health decisions.
Sidecar Provision	Backend Cloud, Internet of Things, Wearable	Sidecar is a cloud service for Internet of Things applications. It can be used as a backend for wearable software infrastructure. The Provision API is used to manage application users and groups, notifications, access keys, and devices. Sidecar offers 3 pricing plans; one is for testing purposes. This API is REST based, and uses Access Keys, and Shared Secret Keys for authentication. Sidecar develops wearable devices that help people optimize health decisions.
Sidecar Query	Backend Cloud, Health, Internet of Things, Wearable 	Sidecar is a cloud service for Internet of Things applications. It can be used as a backend for wearable software infrastructure. The Query API complements the Event API by providing analytics data. Sidecar offers 3 pricing plans; one is for testing purposes. This API is REST based, and uses Access Keys, and Shared Secret Keys for authentication. Sidecar develops wearable devices that help people optimize health decisions.
SIGFOX	Cloud Internet of Things, Networking, Software-as-a-Service, Wireless	Sigfox is a network that connects Things of the Internet, covering many sectors, some of which include agriculture, automotive, construction, electronics, healthcare, and more.. The Sigfox API allows developers to automate device management and implement data integration in their applications, to share messages, to keep up-to-date with things.
Sighthound Cloud	Cloud Recognition, Security, Video  	The Sighthound API allows developers to integrate their applications with the Cloud services from Sighthound. The API allows for real-time analysis of video frames and still images, can detect faces or whether or not people are in the frames. An API key is required for making requests to the API. The API utilizes an HTTP POST request with a JSON body. Sighthound is a provider of computer vision for developers, OEMs, homes and businesses. They provide intelligent technology for video surveillance.
SimpleVox	Telephony Cloud, VoIP, Mobile, Voice	SimpleVox is a phone and VoIP solution. SimpleVox is cloud-based offers a variety of telephony features such as voicemail, voice menus, wait music, and multiple lines on various types of phones (cell, landline, etc.). The SimpleVox API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of SimpleVox with other applications. Public documentation is not available; interested developers should contact SimpleVox at hello@simplevox.com.
SimpleWorker	Tools Cloud, Scheduling, Scheduling	SimpleWorker is a cloud-based worker service that lets users run background jobs in the cloud. Jobs can be queued up or scheduled from within an app and then are passed on to SimpleWorker to be run in the cloud. Functionality included being able to upload new code to be executed for tasks, create jobs to queue tasks and check statuses, set up recurring schedules and more. The API uses RESTful calls and responses are formatted in JSON.
Sinch	VoIP 3D, Cloud, Identity, Messaging, Mobile, Telephony, Text, Verification, Voice, WebRTC   	Sinch gives mobile developers a way to add communication into their apps. The platform lets developers integrate voice and messaging into their app in minutes with a few lines of code.
SingleHop	Backend Hosting, Automation, Cloud	SingleHop is a server and cloud hosting service. They offer dedicated servers, private and public cloud hosting, and an array of managed hosting services. The SingleHop API enables users to build applications to interact and exchange data with the server management, ticketing, and billing systems. The API uses REST calls and will return JSON. The service requires an account and an API key for access and features over 150 API calls.
Siteleaf	Backend Cloud, Web Site Management	Siteleaf is a service that allows developers to manage their websites in the cloud. Users can develop their own templates locally or use Siteleaf templates, both of which are built with HTML and Liquid. Websites can be tested locally using the same data as the live sites, and users can invite others to come edit and review their websites. All site data is permanently archived independently from the service. Siteleaf users can access their data for integration with other sites or apps via JSON-RPC API.
SkillsEngine Profiler	Human Resources Cloud, Education, Jobs, Machine Learning	The SkillsEngine Profiler API allows developers to analyze any text and return collections of scored skill descriptions for use in third-party applications. The Profiler API translates job descriptions, job postings, resumes, or any skill-related text into structured skills information including related occupations, work activities, knowledges, skills, abilities, soft skills, and tools/technologies.
Skytap	Enterprise Cloud, File Sharing 	Skytap Cloud is a cloud computing service that allows enterprises to create complex computing environments in the cloud. The platform allows users to create, access, and share multi-machine virtual environments through a web browser. Skytap's REST API can be used to automate complex operations related to Skytap Could resources including: creating and editing the parameters of configurations, templates, and their component parts; starting, suspending, or shutting down one or more virtual machines; providing access to virtual machines through networks and sets of URIs and; identifying the status and usage of machine resources.
SlipStream	DevOps Cloud 	The SlipStream API in REST architecture uses HTTP protocol to access the Cloud Infrastructure Management Interface (CIMI). This documentation focuses on the low-level, HTTP-based REST API. Examples have been documented in Bash using curl. Slipstream is a multi-cloud application management platform.
Slurplick	Recommendations Analytics, Cloud, eCommerce, Images, Intelligence, Machine Learning, Products	Slurplick is a recommendations platform which extracts information about product images. This platform features machine learning, analytics, and a cloud infrastructure. Slurplick offers its API which functions as a machine learning recommendations system. This API is REST based, and uses OAuth 2 for authentication.
SmartSheet	Project Management Cloud, Collaboration, Enterprise  	The Smartsheet API provides a RESTful interface for interacting with Smartsheet features and data. JSON formatted data is supported. Smartsheet provides a sandbox environment for development and testing. Smartsheet is a Software as a Service company offering a cloud application supporting project management and collaboration at the enterprise level.
SMEStorage Multi Cloud	Cloud Storage 	SMEStorage provides a shared multi-cloud file system which is an entry point to multiple clouds. With their Open Cloud Platform, they sync file meta-data while the files stay on the origianl storage platform. The API offers the full functionality of the service in a RESTful interface and responses are formatted in XML. Libraries are also available in languages such as .NET, Ruby, PHP and PERL.
SNAP PAC REST	Automation API, Application Development, Augmented Reality, Big Data, Cloud, Dashboards, Developers, DevOps, Internet of Things, Machine Learning, Machine-to-Machine, Manufacturing, OAuth, REST 	A RESTful API to Opto 22 industrial programmable automation controllers (PACs) to enable rapid Industrial Internet of Things application development, reduced time to market in machine and system design, and faster automation and control project deployment. Through this new RESTful API, developers gain secure programmatic access to new or legacy physical assets through control variables and input/output (I/O) data using any programming language that supports JavaScript Object Notation (JSON). Available through a free updated firmware release for Opto 22 SNAP PAC programmable automation controllers (PACs), the RESTful API includes an HTTP/S server accessible from any HTTP/S-compatible client.
SnapCrowd	Media Images, Photos, Cloud, Storage	SnapCrowd is an online digital asset management platform. SnapCrowd allows users to store, manage, and share their digital assets, such as photos, in the cloud. The SnapCrowd API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of SnapCrowd with other applications. Public documentation is not available; API access comes with account service.
SnapLogic	Enterprise Cloud, Data 	SnapLogic is a cloud integration platform that enables users to connect and manage their data across different platforms and systems. The SnapLogic API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of SnapLogic with other applications. Some example API methods include managing accounts, creating and editing groups and clusters, and retrieving metadata.
SolidFire	Storage Security, Cloud	SolidFire is cloud storage architecture designed to deliver a guaranteed quality of service that allows service providers to host performance-sensitive applications safely in their cloud. It integrates new primary storage seamlessly into current cloud management and orchestration layers, creating efficiencies that improve with scale. SolidFire's REST-based API enables cloud providers to automate every aspect of storage management, including deployment, troubleshooting, security, reporting, billing, and performance management.
SpaceDog	Backend Analytics, Cloud 	The SpaceDog API offers a cloud-based backend which allows businesses to focus on application design, user experience, and more features instead of server and administrative services. Developers can authenticate and authorize users, save and search data, update and push content, and deploy and publish resources. The SpaceDog API uses JSON for responses.
SpacialDB Layers	Database Cloud, Mapping	SpacialDB is a geospatial database service that allows users to create, operate, and scale dedicated geospatial databases in the cloud. A SpacialDB database can be used transparently in place of any cloud-based database such as Amazon RDS, Rackspace Storage, or Heroku PostgreSQL. The SpacialDB Layers API allows users to access their geospatial data RESTfully in either JSON or JSONP format.
Speechmatics	Text-to-Speech Cloud, Transcription 	The Speechmatics API offers a transcription platform to integrate with existing applications. It supports different audio and video formats such as MP4, and WAV. This REST API returns data in the JSON format and uses Token for authentication. Speechmatics provides its cloud-based services on a range of languages.
Spirent TestCenter REST	Testing Automation, Cloud, REST 	The Spirent TestCenter REST API can be used by web applications in order to perform system tests in virtual cloud environments. Using the REST API, developers can specific a sequence of steps to test, or automate tasks, and execute for quick monitoring results. This is applicable for scenarios where developers need to monitor a virtual switch or router.
Spotinst	Cloud Performance  	The Spotinst REST API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Spotinst with other applications. Some example API methods include retrieving cloud accounts, managing cloud accounts, and managing users. Spotinst provides cloud computing performance solutions.
Sqwiggle	Office Cloud, Teleconferencing, Collaboration, Enterprise	Sqwiggle is an online workplace for remote teams. Sqwiggle features include online collaboration software, always-on video conferencing, drag and drop file uploading, and group video chat. The Sqwiggle API provides a RESTful interface for developers to interact with its platform. Exposed resources include conversations, messages, attachments, users, organizations, and more.
Stackdriver	Hosting Cloud, Tools, Monitoring	Stackdriver is a cloud hosting monitoring service. Stackdriver provides monitoring and services for DevOps, including AWS, OpenStack, and Rackspace. The Stackdriver API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Stackdriver with other applications. Public documentation is not available; API access comes with account service.
StarLeaf Cloud	Teleconferencing Audio, Cloud, Streaming, Video, Voice	StarLeaf is a provider of video conferencing and calling solutions. The StarLeaf Cloud API facilitates the management of StarLeaf deployments and services by external clients. The API sends requests and returns responses in JSON format.
StorageMadeEasy Cloud Data	Database Storage, Cloud, Security	The StorageMadeEasy Cloud Data API enables users to use one API to work with over 35 public and private storage and information Clouds. The API aims to solve the key issue of unifying cloud information across different cloud services. Functionality includes accessing control permissions, file locking, event auditing and can be used natively as a Cloud drive on any desktop or mobile device. It is RESTful with responses in XML supporting all kinds of authentication protocols from differing Cloud services.
StorageRoom	Storage Cloud, Content Management, Mobile	StorageRoom is a cloud-based CMS for the data in user Mobile Applications. It provides a platform to manage content online and to integrate that content into one or multiple mobile or desktop apps. The API lets users integrate the StorageRoom service into their applications. The API provides almost all of StorageRoom's functionality including: Create a new Collection that contains further Entries Add new Entries, your Collection's validation rules will be obeyed Update or delete any Entry Search all your Entries to only get the data you require. It uses RESTful calls and responses are formatted in JSON.
Storm On Demand	Storage Business, Cloud	Storm on Demand allows users the ability to store their information online in the company's solid state servers or to host their own cloud manageable server with an emphasis on scalability and speed. The API allows access to everything controllable within the cloud hosting interface. Creating, cloning, and resizing servers, modifying cloud attached firewall rules and options, restoring server backups as well as creating private networks and more. The API currently supports JSON, YAML and XML (experimentally) parameter encodings.
Stretchr	Backend-as-a-Service Cloud, Data	Stretchr is a backend-as-a-service that allows users to build and manage applications. The Stretchr API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Stretchr with other applications and to create new applications. Some example API methods include creating resources, managing resources, and managing user accounts.
Strongspace	Storage Cloud, Backup	Strongspace is an online storage service that allows customers to gather, store, back-up, and share files. The Strongspace API provides a RESTful interface for customers to automate Strongspace functions, including file uploading and downloading, and managing SSH keys.
stSoftware ReST	Software-as-a-Service Application Development, Cloud, Customization 	The stSoftware API provides business application integration in JSON and REST formats. Methods include user services, files, and transactions. Developers can access with session, Api Key, and HTTP basic auth. stSoftware provides business technology solutions to small and medium businesses and is based in Australia.
SugarSync	Storage Backup, Cloud	The SugarSync API lets developers integrate SugarSync with their desktop and Web apps, build apps to extend SugarSync functionality, or simply leverage the SugarSync cloud. SugarSync is an on-demand web service that securely backs up computers online and synchronizes them automatically. It allows access to the latest version of user files from anywhere -- on the web, on different computers, even on mobile phones. The SugarSync Platform API is a RESTful web service that allows users to create applications that can create, read and modify files stored in thier SugarSync accounts. Using HTTP requests, an application can choose a file that has been synced up from a userï¿½s PC, retrieve the fileï¿½s contents, make changes and store the results back into SugarSync. The modified file then automatically syncs back to each of the userï¿½s systems. Responses are formatted in XML.
Sumo Logic	Tools Analytics, Cloud, Big Data	Sumo Logic is a service for managing and analyzing large quantities of data in the cloud. It uses machine learning algorithms to help extract insights from big data, even in cases where the users don't know what they're looking for. Sumo Logic collects, stores, centralizes, and backs up log data while maintaining both its security and its availability to the owner. Logs are indexed for increased searchability, and users can set alerts to be sent out when certain conditions are met or new patterns appear. The Sumo Logic API allows users to access resources and log data programmatically, exposing it to other applications and systems via JSON-formatted REST calls.
SurDoc	Storage Documents, Cloud	SurDoc provides a cloud-based storage service that allows users to view, edit, send, share, and even sign their files from anywhere with an internet connection, on any kind of device. A SurDoc account can also be used to continuously and automatically back up an unlimited number of computers. SurDoc works to maintain the confidentiality of user data, storing all documents in an encrypted form so that no one at SurDoc or anywhere else can access users' private documents. Developers can integrate with SurDoc's functions and access stored files via REST calls.
Syncloud	Backend Cloud, Syncing	SynCloud is a multi-user syncing service that can by added into iOS CoreData applications. The APi is free while in beta development. An account is required to use of the service and the API package will need to be downloaded.
Synnefo	Enterprise Cloud, Hosting	Synnefo is an open source IaaS cloud platform that separates the traditional cluster management layer and the cloud layer. This design approach leads to a layered architecture which aims to boosts production readiness, maintainability and upgradability. Synnefo offers a REST API for programmatic access to Synnefo virtual resources. Use the API to execute the same actions you would perform from the Synnefo web user interface.
Sysdig Cloud	Cloud Monitoring 	The Sysdig Cloud API allows developers to access all of the Sysdig Cloud app's monitoring, alerting, and troubleshooting functions programmatically. This API is still in beta and not fully documented. Sysdig Cloud was designed specifically to provide visibility into containerized infrastructure. It provides a real-time dashboard, historical replay, dynamic topology, and alerting.
Tago	Cloud Analytics, File Sharing, Hardware 	Tago offers a cloud based analytics and sharing system that allows for easier connection of electronic devices. The Tago platform offers dashboards with widget support, sharing through secure Tago accounts or URLs, 2-way communication, notifications, and analytics. The Tago API allows full control and management of accounts, data, devices, dashboards, and scripts.
TappIn	Storage Cloud, Social	TappIn is a service that gives users the ability to access and share personal content from anywhere that today is only accessible from within the home. The API lets users list their own folders and those shared by friends, download, upload, move, copy files, directory listings and more. The API uses RESTful protocol. Developers must request full documentation from the provider.
Telegram Bot	Bots Cloud, Intelligence, Messaging, Mobile   	Telegram, the cloud-based service that offers messaging services to share text, photos, and videos, now offers the Telegram Bot API. This service allows to integrate bots with AI applications in mind. What Telegram means by AI includes teaching, broadcasting, and connecting features into software components. The API was created in HTTP interface to authorize with token. See more at https://core.telegram.org/bots/api
Telematic REST	Internet of Things B2B, Cloud, Customer Service	This REST based API provides developers easy access to the telematics data of a vehicle fleet. Service providers may install and connect their cars in seconds to the Internet of Things. Examples implementation scenarios include: receiving the location of your cars, measuring driving behavior, receiving alarms and warnings, and managing geo-fences.
Telepat	Application Development Big Data, Cloud, Feeds, Internet of Things, Real Time 	Telepat is a San Francisco based application development platform which features document feed management, live event interaction, and big data and social graphs support. This platform pushes updates and events to devices instead of waiting for a third party application to make API calls and obtain information. This real time approach allows for flexible deployment and simple scaling. The Telepat API uses JSON format for data exchange, and Tokens for authentication.
Telerik	Backend Backend-as-a-Service, Platform-as-a-Service, Mobile, Applications, Cloud 	Telerik Platform is a mobile application development platform that combines a set of tools for developing applications for multiple platforms with cloud services that manage the application lifecycle process. Telerik Platform provides an adaptive framework for creating applications regardless of whether the application runs on the Web, native or hybrid mode.
TeleSign Messaging	Verification Accounts, API, Authentication, Cloud, Data, Developers, Enterprise, Hacking, Identity, Intelligence, Machine Learning, Messaging, Mobile, Passwords, Platform-as-a-Service, Registration, Reporting, REST, SDK, Security, Spam, Telephony, Text, Text-to-Speech, Voice 	TeleSign's Messaging service is a REST API that allows you to send SMS messages, alerts, reminders, and notifications, or send verification messages containing one-time passcodes (OTP). TeleSign provides a way to build communications and account security into your web and mobile apps. It is a cloud communications platform that empowers Web and mobile app developers build powerful and secure communication products using a dynamic platform with a large global network. TeleSign supports numerous use cases from SMS and voice messaging, two-factor authentication (2FA), one-time passwords (OTPs), data intelligence, fraud scoring and more. TeleSign‘s easy-to-integrate APIs and SDKs deliver speed, reliability and proven success, that maintains high quality direct-to-carrier routes to ensure a reliable global reach. TeleSign handles billions of communication transactions each year, across 200 countries and 87 languages. Four of the 5 largest companies in the world trust TeleSign to deliver mission critical communications and account security with the highest availability.
TeleSign Phone ID	Messaging Accounts, Authentication, Cloud, Data, Enterprise, Identity, Intelligence, Machine Learning, Messaging, Mobile, Platform-as-a-Service, Registration, Reporting, Security, Telephony, Text, Text-to-Speech, Verification, Voice	The PhoneID service is a REST API that provides a cleansed phone number, phone type, and telecom carrier information that can be used to determine which phone numbers are a potential fraud risk, and what the best communication method for a phone number is (voice, SMS). It provides a cleansed phone number, phone type, and telecom carrier information that can be used to determine which phone numbers are a potential fraud risk, and what the best communication method for a phone number is (voice, SMS). TeleSign provides a way to build communications and account security into your web and mobile apps. It is a cloud communications platform that empowers Web and mobile app developers the ability to build powerful and secure communication products using a dynamic platform with a large global network. TeleSign supports numerous use cases from SMS and voice messaging, two-factor authentication (2FA), one-time passwords (OTPs), data intelligence, fraud scoring and more.
TeleSign Score	Machine Learning Accounts, Authentication, Cloud, Data, Identity, Intelligence, Messaging, Mobile, Platform-as-a-Service, Registration, Security, Telephony, Text, Verification, Voice	The Score API is a REST service that delivers reputation scoring based on phone number intelligence, traffic patterns, machine learning, and a global data consortium. The Score web service provides risk information about a specified phone number alongside the data elements you would normally see returned by the PhoneID API. The score and risk level details returned are Level, Recommendation and Score. TeleSign provides a way to build communications and account security into your web and mobile apps. It is a cloud communications platform that empowers Web and mobile app developers the ability to build powerful and secure communication products using a dynamic platform with a large global network. TeleSign supports numerous use cases from SMS and voice messaging, two-factor authentication (2FA), one-time passwords (OTPs), data intelligence, fraud scoring and more.
TeleSign Voice	Voice Accounts, API, Applications, Cloud, Data, Developers, Enterprise, Identity, Intelligence, Mobile, Platform-as-a-Service, REST, Security, Text-to-Speech	TeleSign's Voice service is a REST API that allows you to easily send voice messages, alerts, reminders, and notifications, or send verification messages containing time-based one-time passcodes (TOTP). TeleSign provides a way to build communications and account security into your web and mobile apps. It is a cloud communications platform that empowers Web and mobile app developers the ability to build powerful and secure communication products using a dynamic platform with a large global network. TeleSign supports numerous use cases from SMS and voice messaging, two-factor authentication (2FA), one-time passwords (OTPs), data intelligence, fraud scoring and more.
TelVue Connect	Cloud Localization, Streaming, TV, Video 	The Connect API is a content management system which supports multi user distribution, smooth video streaming, and customizable video player. It exchanges information in JSON format. TelVue is a broadcast technology corporation based in New Jersey which enhances channel programming, and increases delivery. TelVue's services include live internet streaming, and video on demand.
TelVue HyperCaster	Video Cloud, Localization, Streaming, TV 	The HyperCaster API is used to deliver a high quality, professional looking digital television channel. Content management is browser based, and the application supports categorization, search, and drag-and-drop scheduling. TelVue is a broadcast technology corporation based in New Jersey which enhances channel programming, and increases delivery. TelVue's services include live internet streaming, and video on demand.
TelVue Princeton Server	Cloud Localization, Streaming, TV, Video 	The Princeton Server API allows integration with TelVue's Princeton products. Princeton is an all-in-one digital broadcasting system used to schedule and transmitting full days of programming. TelVue is a broadcast technology corporation based in New Jersey which enhances channel programming, and increases delivery. TelVue's services include live internet streaming, and video on demand.
Tenable.io	Security Cloud, Virtualization, Visualizations 	The Tenable.io API allows developers to programmatically access a cloud-based virtual machine platform. This platform is designed to support and visualize elastic IT assets, such as containers and web apps. Tenable offers pre-built integrations and allows developers to build new integrations quickly in order to improve their vulnerability management program.
Terminal	Application Development Cloud, Virtualization	Terminal, supported by Cloudlabs, allows developers to build applications on virtual servers that mimic the convenience of local builds combined with the scalability of cloud services. Using Terminal, developers can manage instances and snapshots, manage versioning, and create applications that provision and duplicate code for others to use. The Terminal API can be used to access these virtual computing environments using HTTP requests and JSON-formatted responses. The API can specifically be implemented to create terminal instances, manage user permissions, manage terminal access, authorize keys, and more.
Terremark vCloud Express	Cloud Hosting	The Terremark vCloud Express API provides secure RESTful access to many of the features and functions available within the Terremark My Cloud User Interface. The RESTful API is compatible with most programming and scripting languages. Since the vCloud Express API extends control over the My Cloud User Interface it has additional security to protect your account against unauthorized access. Access to the RESTful API is secured via SSL and your My Cloud user credentials. With the vCloud Express API you can programmatically scale out your servers by invoking our copy server feature or simply reconfigure your servers to add more CPU, memory and storage to scale up. Or use the API to manipulate your load balancer and Internet settings to control traffic to your applications.
Tervela Cloud FastPath	Cloud Big Data, Data, Migration, Software-as-a-Service, Syncing 	The Tervela Cloud FastPath API is a data migration platform with cloud management capabilities. It can be used to build integrated data pipelines, and it allows to group together data sources and applications. This API is REST based, and uses a custom authentication method. Tervela is based in Boston, and provides big data tools with secure cloud-to-cloud migration systems.
Testdroid Cloud	Testing Application Development, Applications, Cloud, Comparisons, Mobile	The Testdroid Cloud REST API allows subscribed users to test their application on the latest Android and iOS devices at once. The Cloud-based API delivers detailed test results, full logcat outputs and screenshots of devices for side-by-side comparisons of test results. Testdroid Cloud uses OAuth 2.0, and the service is SSL encrypted.
Tevox	Cloud Audio, Collaboration, Real Time, Social, Teleconferencing, Video	Tevox is a cloud communication platform that provides businesses a way to communicate in the cloud. It features real-time audio/video communications. The Tevox API lets developers integrate its services with their applications, allowing their clients and customers to communicate with one another.
Text Control ReportingCloud	Documents Cloud, Content Management 	The Text Control ReportingCloud API provides developers with tools to manage templates and to create documents. Some of the various features available are: deleting templates that are stored, accounting for existing templates, storing uploaded templates, create and return thumbnail images of templates, and converting documents to other formats.
The Buddy Platform	Cloud Hosting 	The Buddy Platform is a service that provides developers with cloud-based solutions for their applications. The Buddy Platform offers hosted features for applications, such as user accounts, messaging, photo albums, and geolocation services. The Buddy Platform API allows developers to access various functionalities of Buddy Platform. Some example API methods include adding and editing user accounts, adding friend lists, accessing photo albums, and implementing push notifications for their applications.
theThings.IO REST	Internet of Things Cloud, Database-as-a-Service, Storage  	theThings.IO is a cloud service made for developers of IOT devices to store and query data. The service offers an easily deployable back-end component to things, a customizable front-end interface, and metrics for gauging performance. theThings.IO also offers diagnostics and interoperability between other ITO devices with privacy ensured. To store and share data programmatically in real time across connected things, theThings.IO RESTful API can be utilized. Currently in beta mode, the API uses HTTP requests and JSON formatted calls and responses.
Threat Stack Webhook	Cloud Authentication, Security, Webhooks  	Threat Stack Webhook API is a cloud-based security solution that enhances the speed and synchrony of apps that resolve cross-platform events. Users can customize its configurations to automatically prioritize the detection of specified security events. The RESTful API sends requests and responses in JSON format while its access requires API Key authentication. The Threat Stack Webhook API can be employed in apps across different sectors including financial technology, education, health care, software services and media among others.
Tienda Nube	eCommerce Cloud, Spanish	Tienda Nube (Cloud Store in English) is a Spanish-language online store creation service. A Portuguese-language version of the service called Nuvem Shop also exists. Users can create their stores using pre-made themes or their own designs. Products can be added, updated, or removed at any time from the Cloud Manager. Tienda Nube allows users to make their stores available on Facebook so that their followers can buy directly from Facebook without leaving the site. Users can access their stores and products programmatically via the Tienda Nube/Nuvem Shop REST API. Although their websites are offered only in Spanish and Portuguese, the API documentation is given in English.
Tiktalik	Backend Cloud, Storage, Hosting	Tiktalik is a dedicated hosting platform for developers. Tiktalik services include: Tiktalik Computing, a reliable and scalable platform for virtual servers; Tiktalik Files, which offers safty and high availability for your files; and Tiktalik Load Balancer, for the high availability and scalability of your service. Tiktalik offers access to their load balancing and computing cloud services via a REST API. An API key is required.
Tilaa	Cloud Virtualization	Tilaa is a cloud company that offers businesses virtual private cloud for their virtual servers. With the Tilaa API, developers will be able to integrate the Tilaa cloud platform into their applications, and manages their own virtual private cloud. All endpoints require basic authentication.
TomTom MySports Cloud	Health Analytics, Cloud, Data, Fitness, Sports, Storage, Time Tracking	The TomTom Sports Watch records, tracks, and synchronizes data of the sports and fitness activities of users. This data is then stored and analyzed in the cloud using the TomTom MySports Cloud API. The API allows users to organize data and access analytical data and visual summaries of the progress, goals, and achievements of their sports and fitness programs. Its access requires TomTom account sign in and OAuth2.0 authorization. The API sends requests in HTTP format and returns responses in JSON or CSV format.
TourSolver Cloud	Mapping Cloud, European, Geography, Optimization, Shipping 	The TourSolver Cloud is the API behind GeoConcept, a geographical optimization company. With JSON and XML formats, developers can access data from tours, travel times, distance, and mapping. TourSolver provides geooptimization services, which is useful for finding the most efficient routes for deliveries, industrial planning, water distribution, and other route optimization needs.
TPP Wholesale	Domains Hosting, Cloud, Australian	TPP Wholesale is an Australian domain and hosting wholesaler that offers resellers services such as domain names, cloud and cPanel web hosting, e-mail hosting and SSL certificates. The TPP Wholesale API allows developers to automate all aspects of managing domain names, cloud reseller hosting, and user accounts. The API accepts HTTP GET/POST calls.
Transcriptic	Science Cloud, Software-as-a-Service 	Transcriptic is a Science-as-a-Service company, enabling researchers to conduct bioinformatics research from their web browser. The Transcriptic REST API enables developers to access a fully automated laboratory, and program test runs. Transcriptic is a company that focuses on making life science research easily accessible. Users can send samples into Transcriptics biometrics laboratory then get results and do research remotely.
Treasure Data	Storage Enterprise, Cloud  	Treasure Data provides data-driven companies with cloud data warehousing services that enable them to get big data analytics running in a matter of days without specialist IT resources. Data can be imported directly from existing infrastructure, regardless of coding language. SSL encryption ensures the security of data while it is being transferred to the cloud. Treasure Data provides a RESTful API that enables users to POST data to or GET data from their company's cloud data warehouse.
TrewIDM Cloud	Security Cloud, Enterprise, Human Resources	TrewPort specializes in identity management, business process management, and service oriented architecture. TrewIDM Cloud was designed to provide a comprehensive identity management product, supports single and federation sign on functionality, and provides a comprehensive view of user events within an enterprise. The API currently connects the product to over 500 cloud and enterprise applications.
TriSys Web	Human Resources Business, Cloud, Jobs 	The TriSys Web API is a platform-agnostic service that allows developers to integrate recruitment functions into their own custom applications. This API is designed for use with systems such as job boards, human resources backends, applicant tracking systems, etc. TriSys is a company that provides industrial cloud computing to the recruitment industry using thousands of fault-tolerant, scalable servers located at data centers around the world.
Tropo Scripting	Telephony Cloud, Messaging, USA, Voice  	Tropo makes it simple to build phone, SMS and Instant messaging applications. You use the web technologies you already know and Tropo's powerful cloud API to bring real-time communications to your apps. If you can create a web site, you can make and receive phone calls, use voice recognition, interact over SMS, IM, or Twitter. You can even create conference calls and transcribe calls. There's no need to learn new languages, wrestle with VoIP software, or learn about telephony. Host your code with us, or use your existing web server in the language of your choice. Coverage: usa, canada, australia, austria, belgium, brazil, bulgaria, croatia, Cyprus, CzechRepublic, Denmark, Estonia, Finland, France, Germany, Greece, HongKong, Hungary, Ireland, Israel, Italy, Japan, Latvia, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Malta, Mexico, Netherlands, NewZealand, Norway, Panama, Peru, Poland, Portugal, Romania, Slovakia, Slovenia, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, and the uk.
Tutum	Application Development Cloud, Hosting	Tutum is a platform for building, deploying, and managing applications across any cloud. Users are provided with a free private registry for storing applications as well as quick access to Docker's public and private registries. Tutum helps users manage clusters when deploying applications and also orchestrates infrastructure and application containers. Users can manage and monitor their applications through Tutum's dashboard, API, or CLI tool.
Twilio	Telephony Cloud, Text-to-Speech, Voice, Webhooks   	Twilio provides a simple hosted API and markup language for businesses to quickly build scalable, reliable and advanced voice and SMS communications applications. Twilio provides a telephony infrastructure web service "in the cloud", enabling web programmers to integrate real-time phone calls into their applications. Twilio's simple Pay-As-You-Go pricing model means customers pay for capacity only when they need it, not before. Voice applications written on Twilio's cloud solution scale transparently, eliminating programming, operational and contractual headaches frequently associated with rapid growth or traffic spikes. Twilio provides a cloud API for voice and SMS communications that leverages existing web development skills, resources and infrastructure. It minimizes the learning curve required to build advanced, reliable voice communications applications that solve critical business needs. The syntax and programming model are focused on making application development as close to the request/response model of web application development as possible. The API uses a RESTful interface and responses are formatted in HTML, JSON, XML or CSV.
Twilio Lookups	Telephony Cloud, Text-to-Speech, Voice, Webhooks 	The Lookups API offers information about a phone number such as region-specific formatting, carrier details, and caller name information. Each request can obtain 1 or more types of data. This API returns information in JSON format, and requires API Keys for authentication. Twilio is a San Francisco based telephony infrastructure provider.
Twilio Pricing	Telephony Accounts, Cloud, Prices, Voice 	The Twilio Pricing API is a REST API that provides tools for developers to pull real time, account-specific pricing for Twilio's voice and phone number products. Some of the resources offered with this API are: Pricing Voice Country Instance, Pricing Voice Country List, Pricing Voice Number Instance, Pricing Phone Numbers Country Instance, and Pricing Phone Numbers Country List. Twilio provides a telephony infrastructure web service "in the cloud", enabling web programmers to integrate real-time phone calls into their applications.
Twilio Wireless	Telephony Cloud, Messaging, Voice, VoIP 	The Twilio Wireless (Beta) bridges connectivity between real-world wireless devices and Twilio SIMs. The RESTful API supports only HTTPS-run requests. It returns responses in JSON format. The API’s access requires HTTP Basic authentication.
Ubuntu One Files	File Sharing Cloud	The Ubuntu One Files API can be used to store files in the Ubuntu One cloud. Users may choose to sync their stored files to some, all, or none of their machines and devices. This API can also be used to publish files to a public URL. The Ubuntu One Files API operates over REST using GET or PUT calls.
Undagrid Admin	Cloud Internet of Things, Networking, Wireless	This API is used to check if the Undagrid cloud is operational. Undagrid is a wireless Internet of Things network consisting of devices that organize themselves, by connecting with each other in a self-expanding network.
Undagrid Channels	Internet of Things Cloud, Networking, Wireless	This API is used to set properties for a channel, remove properties from a channel, set the push configuration for a channel, remove the push configuration from the channel and more. Undagrid is a wireless Internet of Things network consisting of devices that organize themselves, by connecting with each other in a self-expanding network.
Undagrid Groups	Internet of Things Cloud, Networking, Wireless	This API is used to access the data in the Undagrid cloud and returns create group channels, add a sensor or node to a group, remove a sensor or node from a group and more. This data is gathered from the devices running in Undagrid network technology. Undagrid is a wireless Internet of Things network consisting of devices that organize themselves, by connecting with each other in a self-expanding network.
Undagrid Nodes	Internet of Things Cloud, Networking, Wireless	This API is used to commission and decommission a node. This data is gathered from the devices running in Undagrid network technology. Undagrid is a wireless Internet of Things network consisting of devices that organize themselves, by connecting with each other in a self-expanding network.
Unofficial Amazon EC2 Price	Prices Cloud, Hosting 	The EC2 Price API returns the prices of Amazon's AWS EC2 services. Parameters include purchase option, location, tenancy, operating system, instance type, offering class, and lease contract length. Calls are made by using HTTP POST.
Unofficial Google Cloud Print	Printing Cloud, Hosting, Storage	The unofficial Google Cloud Print Java API by jittagornp offers two main options: load printer capabilities to create an XML format file with Windows API and the other alternative, obtain a PPD file of the PostScript printer. By using one file or the other, Google Cloud Print will be able to understand printer capabilities. Some examples include how to connect & disconnect from Google Cloud Print, register printer, submit job, and search printer.
Uploadcare	Upload Cloud, Storage 	Uploadcare is a file uploading and storage service. It allows users to add a functionality to their website or application that permits end-users to upload files. It also provides a function for resizing images on the fly. Uploadcare's services may be accessed via its APIs, which are provided in REST and JavaScript formats.
Uploadcare Content Delivery Network	Upload Cloud, Storage 	The Uploadcare Content Delivery Network API aims to deliver files quickly. Developers can compare and contrast samples on the official site with images downloading, cropping, scaling, stretching, overlaying, rotating, blurring, and inverting. Formats include JSON and JSONP. API Key is available at the web site. Uploadcare provides an API and HTML5 widget to manage files in cloud storage with a smart and fast CDN.
Uploadcare JavaScript	Upload Cloud, Storage 	The Uploadcare JavaScript API helps developers to control the default widget with the aim to customize user experience. Contents to personalize include files & uploads, file group, files validation, dialog & panel, tabs, drag & drop, and source tabs styling. Uploadcare provides an API and HTML5 widget to manage files in cloud storage with a smart and fast CDN.
UploadHero	Storage Upload, Cloud	UploadHero is an online file manager and storage service. UploadHero exposes its file management capabilities through an API. The API allows 3rd party applications to upload, delete, or rename files, access file or account details, and more. The API accepts HTTP GET/POST calls and supports methods for guests and registered users.
Uploads.im	Photos Storage, Images, Upload, Cloud	Uploads.im is a simple image uploading web service. Users may upload an unlimited number of images to be stored on the server indefinitely. The Uploads.im API allows third party applications to upload images. The API accepts HTTP GET or POST calls and returns JSON(P), XML, or TEXT formatted responses.
Vacation Labs Tours & Activities	Travel Cloud, Entertainment, Marketplace, Software-as-a-Service, Tourism	Vacation Labs is a marketing and technology platform for tour operators. It allows tour and activity operators to manage all their content, rates, inventory, and bookings on a cloud-based SaaS platform. It allows them to distribute their products to various marketplaces via APIs. Using this API marketplaces can get a unified feed of all tours and activities that are being managed on the Vacation Labs platform. Individual tour operators can also use these APIs to build custom tools around the platform.
Valobox	Tools Books, eBooks, Metadata, Cloud	Valobox is a web application that stores books in the cloud, making them instantly available to read on PCs, tablets, and smartphones. Valobox offers reading and discovery enhancement tools such as full-text search, annotation, and bookmarking and bookmark sharing. Valobox exposes its platform through an API. The API includes public endpoints for querying and fetching book metadata, or interacting with embedded books, as well as private endpoints allowing publishers to publish and update titles, view and edit metadata, and retrieve analytics data.
Vantiv triPOS Cloud	eCommerce Cloud, Credit Cards, Developers, Merchants, Mobile, Payments, Security, Software-as-a-Service   	The triPOS Cloud API provides resources for developers that build integrated payment applications. It allows you to create products for your merchants to solve security and EMV challenges without installing local software to drive payment device communication that supports point-to-point encryption security, delivers hardware and an effortless pairing process, with a device and POS for merchant installation. Vantiv provides online or in-store payment processing solutions, payment applications for a mobile application, next generation POS, and eCommerce website solutions, for various partners, as well as the customers they serve.
Vantiv triPOS Cloud Lane	Payments Cloud, Credit Cards, Developers, eCommerce, Merchants, Mobile, Platform-as-a-Service, Security 	This Vantiv Cloud Lane API provides a way to see all the lanes currently associated with your account, generate a new activation code for your PIN pad, reconfigure PIN pad and more. TriPOS Cloud enables you to solve security and EMV challenges without installing local software to drive payment device communication that supports point-to-point encryption security. Vantiv provides online or in-store payment processing solutions, payment applications for a mobile application, next generation POS, and eCommerce website solutions, for various partners, as well as the customers they serve.
Vendo	eCommerce Cloud	Vendo is an online shopping cart application providing retailers with a simple solution for seeing up websites as online stores. Vendo provides customer applications with read/write access to their products database through a RESTful API. The API can be called via the customer website or the Vendo site.
Verizon Personal Cloud Storage	Storage Advertising, API, Cloud, Contacts, Documents, File Sharing, Internet of Things, Mobile, Music, Photos, Printing, Video	Verizon Cloud allows users to access and manage their content on any of their devices, even when they are on-the-go. If you are a developer, you can use Verizon Personal Cloud Storage APIs to create apps that let your users access the content stored in their Verizon Cloud accounts from your app. Tens of millions of Verizon subscribers back up to the Verizon Cloud and use 3rd party applications to access, store and share their content.
Verizon ThingSpace Personal Cloud Storage	Telephony Cloud, Mobile, Wireless	The Verizon ThingSpace Personal Cloud Storage API integrates cloud services into telephony applications. It is available with OAuth2 as authentication method, HTTP requests & JSON responses, and an API console to experiment with development.
Vexxhost Cloud Reseller	Cloud Hosting	Vexxhost API is a reseller API and provides developers with access to cloud servers, firewall, and rescaling features. The API uses REST protocol with data formats in XML. It includes a high level of security, with features such as signed API requests, and timestamped requests that expire on their own automatically after 2 minutes preventing replay attacks. All API features are served over SSL protocol. Currently, the API is only offered in a private beta for select customers. However, developers can apply and receive API access to their account, including all the documentation.
viewneo	Marketing Advertising, Cloud, Documents, Presentations, Video 	The ViewNeo API integrates data that can be displayed as pictures, videos, and documents via cloud. Developers can make requests via URI to receive JSON responses, authenticating with OAuth2. ViewNeo provides digital signage services for places of business and other organizations, primarily via large video screens with content, interactive kiosks, and screensavers.
Vines Cloud	Messaging Mobile, Cloud	Vines Cloud allows developers to connect mobile apps of all types through real-time messaging. The Vines Cloud REST API exposes Vine Cloudâ€™s features for developers, including messaging, user management, and data storage.
Virgil Security	Authentication Cloud, Data, Security, Verification 	Virgil Security is a cloud based encryption and authentication platform. It can be used to easily add a security layer to existing applications. It features at rest and transfer encryption, and identity verification. When used within an enterprise, this platform can be integrated with business processes and protect against internal and external threats. Cloud applications can be secured with paswordless authentication and end to end encryption; each device is secured with its own key.
Visual Studio Online	Application Development Cloud, Design, Visualizations	Visual Studio, an integrated development environment from Microsoft, that enables programmers to develop different computer programs compatible with Microsoft Windows. The API lets developers to integrate their applications with Visual Studio Online (VSO). With this API, developers will be able to make request to access different type of information available from VSO. Response is in JSON format.
Vizago	3D Animation, Avatars, Cloud	Vizago offers various 3D services and products such as 3D reconstruction, face exchange, 360° views, photo expressions and cloud service. Developers could benefit from Vizago API because the main value aims to create virtual characters with 3D animation using a single photo. This could be useful to create avatars, virtual presentations and product demonstrations. The 3D animation API supports HTTP and JSON formats. In the site, developers can find an API walkthrough, where they can create a 3D reconstruction, see a sample of upload image function, and review error and successful responses.
VoiceCloud	Tools Conversions, Text, Voice, Cloud	VoiceCloud is a leading cloud based voice services provider. The VoiceCloud technology converts user voicemails to text and delivers them via email and/or text message. The VoiceCloud API exposes the functionality of the platform for developers to use in their own applications. With the API users can send audio in mp3 or wav format to the service and receive text back. The API uses RESTful calls and responses are formatted in XML.
VoxImplant	Backend Cloud	VoxImplant is a real-time communications cloud platform for developers. The VoxImplant platform is customizable through a JavaScript call control engine, a web SDK, and an API allowing developers to modify account settings and to make calls from the VoxEngine. The API is able to manage resources such as users, rules, scenarios, accounts, phone numbers, callerIDs, and SIP white list.
VPS.NET	Cloud Hosting	VPS.NET is an on demand cloud hosting provider. The VPS.NET API allows resellers and integrators full access to all functions on the VPS.NET CP. Users can build their own Cloud offering, or manage thier VPS from within their application. Users must register to download API and full documentation.
Vultr	Hosting Cloud, Virtualization	Vultr provides users with access to cloud-based servers on which they can deploy their virtual machines. Once an order is placed, instances can be spun within 60 seconds. Users can choose from a wide range of operating system templates or upload their own. Vultr's control panel offers one-click access to important functions, such as restarting, rebooting, and reinstalling. Users are billed by the hour with no long-term contracts. The Vultr API enables users to manage their infrastructure from third party systems.
Wagapi	Cloud File Sharing, Storage 	The Wagapi API returns data for storage, classification, access, and sharing purposes. Developers can authenticate via API Key and Auth Token, use JSON format with GET and POST verbs, and receive responses in return. Use the API to manage accounts, upload, manage, delete docs, find files, and more. The Wagapi API is a cloud storage platform.
Walti	Security Cloud, Japanese, Management	Walti.io is a continuous server-side security checking service based in Tokyo, Japan. The Walti REST API allows 3rd party websites and applications to interact with the Walti service, enabling simple scans from the management screen and ongoing security management. With an API key, developers can make HTTP calls to Walti.io to programmatically retrieve data and manage plugins, targets, and security scans.
WebSense ThreatSeeker Cloud	Security Cloud	The service provides an assessment of threat presented by a destination website based on a complete analysis and categorization of site content, file structure, and data, along with more traditional measures of its reputation, security profile, and behavior. It gives estimates of secure browser access, data exchange, and email to allow an application to choose whether or not to access another service or accept contact. The cloud service accesses the same threat assessments used by the provider's installed hardware and software products to protect third-party applications. API methods support submission of a web URL for analysis, which triggers extensive categorization algorithms to evaluate reputation and behavior records but also site content, data exposed, and file structure. The API returns a threat assessment highlighting the probability and nature of threats potentially posed by the site.
weclapp	Customer Relationship Management Billing, Cloud, Enterprise, ERP, Ordering, Tasks, Time	Weclapp is cloud-based CRM (Customer Relationship Management) and ERP (Enterprise Resource Planning) software designed to enable businesses to manage their products, orders, billing, tasks, time, customers, communications, and more from a single location. Currently, the weclapp API can only access customer resources, but in the future, it will also be able to access articles, invoices, offers, projects, and tickets.
Weemo	Video Telephony, Messaging, Cloud	Weemo provides video collaboration services that can be embedded into work applications and websites, allowing users to communicate without having to switch programs. The high-quality video feed is based on a robust, scalable cloud platform. Weemo's REST and JavaScript APIs enable developers to integrate the video service into their websites and applications.
Wia	Internet of Things Analytics, Cloud, Real Time 	Wia is a cloud based backend for developing Internet of Things applications. It features device management, events collection, analytics, and push notifications. The Wia API is REST based, uses Tokens for authentication, and returns data in JSON format. Wia is based in the U.K. and provides its services to makers, startups and enterprise users.
Windows Azure Service Management	Cloud Hosting   	The Windows Azure Service Management API is a REST API for managing your services and deployments.Windows Azure is the cloud services operating system that serves as the development, service hosting, and service management environment for the Windows Azure Platform. The Service Management API provides programmatic access to much of the functionality available through the Windows Azure Developer Portal. Using the Service Management API, you can manage your storage accounts and hosted services, your service deployments, and your affinity groups. The Service Management API is a REST API. All API operations are performed over SSL and mutually authenticated using X.509 v3 certificates. The management service may be accessed from within a service running in Windows Azure, or directly over the Internet from any application that can send an HTTPS request and receive an HTTPS response. Responses are formatted in XML.
WiseNET	Education Cloud, Management, Training	WiseNET is an information management solutions provider for registered training organizations based in Australia and New Zealand. They help vocational training institutions grow their business with information technology that supports educational programs and customer/student relations. They offer a range of products, including cloud-based financial workflow streamlining, customer satisfaction surveys, professional consultation, and more. WiseNETâ€™s API is REST-based and exposes their data posting and retrieval functionality. It returns XML and JSON-formatted data.
Workday SOAP	Financial Cloud, Enterprise, Human Resources 	Some features of the Workday SOAP based web service are operations that expose Workday Payroll data for integration with third parties such as time and attendance, operations that relate to Workday Identity and Access Management and operations that expose Workday Financials Cash Management data and data relative to banking that includes; Identity_Management, Payroll, Cash_Management and more. Workday offers a broad portfolio of services that span the full Workday lifecycle, is the enterprise cloud for Finance and HR.
xamoom Consumer	Location Advertising, Application Development, Cloud, Content Management, Mobile, Museums, Tourism, Travel 	The Consumer API is xamoom's core api for all end-user applications. With this API, developers have access to all xamoom location fatures as well as all content delivery mechanisms. This API utilizes location identifiers, Markers, Spots and also Content to allow developers to build their custom apps or mobile web applications. In addition, it also allows developers to retrieve information about the customer's system, like styling, menu configuration and so on. Xamoom is a location focused content management service.
xamoom Integration	Location Advertising, Application Development, Cloud, Content Management, Mobile, Museums, Tourism, Travel 	The xamoom Integration API can be used to integrate content, managed in xamoom, into other Content Management Systems, Websites or even custom applications. It does not use location identifiers, Markers or Spots. This API is purely designed to retrieve Content. Xamoom is a location focused content management service.
XAPI	Cloud Open Source, Tools, Virtualization	The Xen Project Management API, or XAPI, gives developers access to tools for optimizing server workloads and other hardware functions, and to provide an interface for the remote management of virtualized guests running on a Xen-enabled host. The Xen Project is an open-source community that develops services to allow hardware to concurrently execute multiple operating systems.
Xeround Cloud Database	Database Cloud	Xeround is a company providing a cloud database SaaS that is fully compatible with MySQL and is stored on Xeround's servers on Amazon EC2 and RackSpace. The Xeround Cloud Database API is a SOAP or REST API that allows developers to build their own cloud database management software/application or integrate their cloud management into existing applications. The Xeround API is only available to registered users of the Xeround's cloud database service.
XO Cloud Express	VoIP Cloud	The XO Cloud Express API brings together the flexibility, availability, and community of the public cloud with enterprise levels of security, performance, and control. It is available in REST architecture with SSL encrypted calls. With the API, developers can set storage quotas, store 256-bit encryption at rest and 128 SSL in motion, and securely access the storage accounts from anywhere on the Internet. For additional information, visit src.xo.com/resources/service-overviews/cloud-files-express.pdf
Xplenty	Database Cloud, Data, Big Data	Xplenty is a cloud service that processes big data for large and small companies. Its platform provides all the system administration needed to use Hadoop, so that businesses can access their data through the XPlenty dashboard without investing in new infrastructure and data personnel. The Xplenty REST API allows the control and management of data processing jobs and job clusters, and also provides the ability to monitor job and cluster activities and status.
Yandex.Disk	Storage Cloud, File Sharing, Syncing	Yandex.Disk is a service for storing and sharing files. The Yandex.Disk API enables programmatic access and retrieval of these files from any device connected to the internet. Applications that use the Yandex.Disk API can request access to users' files, as well as store their own files on Yandex servers. The API offers a RESET as well as WebDAV interface and mobile SDKs, enabling users to work on their own files, store files, store applications settings, and sync this all with cloud storage to simplify data synchronization between smartphones, tablets, laptops and desktop computers.
Yasoon	Application Development Applications, Cloud, Email, HTML5	With Yasoon, users can access application cloud services in Microsoft Outlook 2010 and 2013. The API is about application integration in Outlook using HTML5 and Javascript. Developers can download the service at no cost. In the site, they will see an index list with the parameters of alert, app, contact, feed, io, notification, outlook, calendar and mail. Yasoon also displays a sample code in Javascript along with a downloadable getting started guide.
Yetti	eCommerce Cloud, Content Management	Yetti is a platform for creating e-commerce and content-managed websites. It comes equipped to handle product management, general content management, custom pricing rules, promotions, and shipping. Yetti's infrastructure is built on the Rackspace Cloud and highly scalable. Users can edit their site's HTML, CSS, and JavaScript from anywhere through their browser. Yetti's RESTful API allows developers to integrate Yetti with their own applications.
Yext Administrative	Location Cloud, Marketing, Search 	The Yext Administrative API allows Yext partners to manage customer accounts, subscriptions, and profile-optimization tasks programmatically. They can also use the API to update their Yext accounts, obtain login tokens, and grant Yext Location Cloud access to agents, advisers, or franchises. Yext is a service that helps businesses get discovered by customers. It syncs location and hours data internally, as well as with external maps, apps, GPS systems, search engines, and social networks.
Yext Live	Location Cloud, Marketing, Real Time 	The Yext Live API allows developers to integrate up-to-date location data into their websites and mobile apps. The API can also be used to keep custom store locators in sync with the latest location information. Yext is a service that helps businesses get discovered by customers. It syncs location and hours data internally, as well as with external maps, apps, GPS systems, search engines, and social networks.
Yext Location Cloud	Location Addresses, Cloud, Marketing 	The Yext Location Cloud API allows developers to programmatically add or remove locations, as well as update any fields that Yext supports. Yext is a service that helps businesses get discovered by customers. It syncs location and hours data internally, as well as with external maps, apps, GPS systems, search engines, and social networks.
Yext Webhooks	Location Addresses, Cloud, Directories, Marketing, Webhooks  	This API gives you the ability to set up your own webhooks, which let you receive Yext updates on changes to your locations and listings. It provides programmatic control of your brand's knowledge, the people who manage it, and the places it appears to consumers. With just an endpoint you are able to push updates for; Reviews, Listings Status, and more. Yext's expertise, scalability, and support give developers tools to leverage the power of knowledge in their projects and apps.
Younity	Storage Cloud, Content	Younity is a cloud-based application that stores and automatically syncs all uploaded files and content across multiple devices. Users can upload and store documents, videos, music, and more to Younity and access from any connected device. The Younity API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Younity with other applications. Public documentation is not available; interested developers should contact Younity for more information.
YouSendIt	File Sharing Cloud, Collaboration	Cloud folders for free file storage up to 2GB accessible via mobile device, web app, or installed desktop app. Tiered pricing for larger capacities. Plug-in integration with file editing applications. Security model allows sharing via URL with electronic signature Note: API home is a form to submit to receive email link for PDF documentation.
Yubikey	Security Authentication, Cloud	The service provides two-factor authentication by combining a cloud-based one-time password (OTP) validation service with a USB plug-in, the Yubikey, that sends a time-variant, secure login code. Requests are processed through five frequently synchronized data centers with global coverage, so responses are not dependent on location. API methods support submission of an application's previously registered Yubikey code and return a one-time password for use in authenticating the user.
Zeit Now	Cloud Application Development 	The Zeit Now API allows developers to programmatically orchestrate Node.js deployments in the cloud. Zeit is a project designed to make cloud computing as easy and accessible as mobile computing. The entirety of Zeit's command-line deployment tool is made available for users to remix.
Zephyr Enterprise REST	Dashboards Cloud, Platform-as-a-Service, Testing 	This REST API allows access to Zephyr test assets. It provides the ability for you to integrate Zephyr services into your application while allowing you to to create a testcase in a separate tool/system and add it to the Zephyr testcase repository or create an execution cycle and update the status of a testcase execution run. This includes; users, projects, releases, testcase repositories and the underlying folders, testcases, attachments, execution cycles, create users, new execution cycles, execution phases and more. Samples are available in curl, C#, javascript, node.js, python, php and ruby. Zephyr is an on-demand, cloud based Test Management Platform with applications and metrics based visibility via real time dashboards.
ZetaPrints	Tools Cloud, Printing, Images, Photos	ZetaPrints is a web-to-print and imaging service. ZetaPrints provides e-commerce solutions, image printing services, and dynamic imaging processing for printing purposes. The ZetaPrints API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of ZetaPrints with other applications. Some example API methods include image resizing, uploading and managing images and content, and managing printing processes.
Zingle	Messaging Business, Cloud 	The Zingle API offers a messaging platform which can be integrated with existing business oriented applications. It features automated responses, and real time analytics. This is a REST API with responses in JSON format. Zingle develops cloud-based tools with the purpose of enhancing customer service experience.
Zipwhip	Messaging Cloud, Telephony	Zipwhip provides cloud-based texting services that leverage the user's existing mobile and landlines, allowing them to send and receive texts from any device that connects to the internet. This includes mobile phones, tablets, laptops, and desktops. Many customers prefer texting to calling, and Zipwhip allows them to do so.
Zoom.us	Enterprise Meetings, Cloud	Zoom provides a platform for hosting meetings in the cloud. The platform comes with high quality video, voice, content, and screen sharing services and works with all kinds of systems, including Windows, Mac, iOS, and Android. Users can start a meeting immediately or schedule one for a later date. Meetings may include up to 100 participants, devices, or rooms. Each person, room, and meeting has its own ID. Meetings may be recorded in MP4 or M4A. Zoom's REST API allows users to programmatically manage both meetings and users, as well as retrieve reports on meetings.
Zootle	Enterprise Contacts, Cloud, Customer Relationship Management, Inventory, Purchasing, Sales  	Zootle is an online sales, inventory, and client relationship manager. Zootle can be used for contact management, supply chain management, and online sales. The Zootle API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Zootle with other applications and websites. Some example API methods include adding content, managing contacts, and retrieving inventory details.
